id,text,class
0,"I can imagine the allure, for some of these loser douchebags, of patterning themselves after someone like Donald Trump, who at least carries himself like a winner. But what kind of abject sucktoad do you have to be to see Donald Trump JUNIOR as an aspirational figure? ",Politics
1,Just now watched debates on Garbage issue..seems it’s slowly spinning into political conspiracy..It’s crucial to note that most of Govt welfare schemes r routed through banks.. r these Garbage politics targeting goodwill n successful implementation of schemes by of   garu,Politics
2,Shadow Environment Secretary  has quoted League polling and said: “We need to close the loopholes so fox hunting can be consigned to the history books where it belongs.” Read more below ,Politics
3,"Friends, Do tune into this candid conversation with the good Abhinav Bhai. 🙏",Politics
4,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
5,#JTISindh_TarbiyatiEjtima #JUI Maulana had earlier said that the rulers would be the rulers who wanted to end Maula… ,Politics
6,"Beniwal welcomed new Farm laws....  3 months later, Beniwal quits NDA because he is unhappy with Farm laws...  Indian p…",Politics
7,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
8,You are absolutely correct  .   played politics before the election and did nothing to pass a Covid relief bill. Veto the bill Mr. President.,Politics
9,#JTISindh_TarbiyatiEjtima #Jui Maulana had earlier said that the rulers would be the rulers who wanted to end Maulana's politics. Today it is going to end by the grace of Allah Himself,Politics
10,"PM Sh ’s love and respect for the farming community and the people of #JammuAndKashmir reflected in the ""Pheran"" attire worn by him while inaugurating AYUSHMAN-SEHAT scheme for the UT. #VocalForLocal  ",Politics
11,"A day before unemployment benefits for millions of Americans were set to expire, Donald Trump had a different insult in mind: his former-model wife has yet to appear on the cover of a fashion magazine as first lady.  ",Politics
12,Genuinely confused how a party that's decided to be proud of killing off countless seniors can still exist in Florida. ,Politics
13,"Congress,   simply don't give a shit what the the people want or think.  This is spurring a… ",Politics
14,"Yeah well, fuck you pop pop and everybody who looks like you ",Politics
15,"MAGA, folks.",Politics
16,"Sentinel: “Fred Piccolo, spokesman for Gov. Ron DeSantis, deactivated his Twitter account Wednesday after he tweeted in the middle of night that photos of each dead COVID-19 victim should be balanced with 99 photos of people who survive the disease.” ",Politics
17,New York Times‘ Reporting Blackout on Swalwell-Spy Ties Continues  via ,Politics
18,hmPH! “orange man bad” politics is to often the code for someone strongly supports center-left policies at best… ,Politics
19,Second federal probe was launched into Hunter Biden in Pittsburgh after Rudy Giuliani gathered info ,Politics
20,"If Texas turns blue, can Republicans ever win the White House again? | Just The News ",Politics
21," when trump became president, I became interest in politics, I knew it would be terrible. turns I was r… ",Politics
22,"If you’re riding the #TrumpTrain, you really oughta know: its conductor jumped off miles back and the line is heading for a steep cliff. ",Politics
23,Johnson telling us the Brexit deal is his “present” to us. Gove telling us it will put an end to “ugly politics”. The two ugliest men in British politics insisting they’ve done us a favour. Not sure anything shouts ‘We’ve fucked it!’ much louder. A double act of vile dishonesty.,Politics
24,"So  truly is a 'mini-tRump' in that he also surrounds himself with scum. Fred Piccolo claims he was ""deleting his account anyway' aka no remorse, no apology for his highly offensive tweet. Then again, he &amp; #DeathSantis have been downplaying the pandemic all along.",Politics
25,"Beniwal welcomed new Farm laws....  3 months later, Beniwal quits NDA because he is unhappy with Farm laws...  Indian p…",Politics
26,"Sentinel: “Fred Piccolo, spokesman for Gov. Ron DeSantis, deactivated his Twitter account Wednesday after he tweeted in the middle of night that photos of each dead COVID-19 victim should be balanced with 99 photos of people who survive the disease.” ",Politics
27,Giuliani promises the Trump election challenge is going to blow up! We seek justice! The traitors have been exposed! We will never give up!   ,Politics
28," !!!! u're my fav mooties we talk a lot not just abt kpop but literally everything including politics,… ",Politics
29,We know the Trump Administration chose politics over our lives.  We have proof.  They decided to put their plan for reelection ahead of a plan to beat #COVID19  They could've sided w the American ppl Instead they sided with the virus.  #DemVoice1 ,Politics
30,An #Oscars Winner Made a #JamalKhashoggi #Documentary. Streaming Services like   Didn’t Want It.… ,Politics
31,I’m only gonna say this once.... DO NOT trust anyone that has been in or around Washington DC and politics or institutions...NO ONE!!! They will sound good on twitter or TV but it’s a show!!!! Trust  THAT’S IT!!!!,Politics
32,"Since 1995, Kelly Loeffler's family's farms have collected $3.2 million in federal subsidies. ",Politics
33,Today is a terrible day that should not have come. Up to 14 million jobless workers will be cut off of federal CARES Act benefits that President Trump has chosen to let expire if he does not sign the #ReliefCantWait stimulus bill today. 🧵  ,Politics
34,"FEAR: Supreme Court in no hurry to hear  campaign case, sets response deadline two days after inauguration  #FoxNews",Politics
35,Noooooo! He’s a joke!,Politics
36,"In November, Tennessee’s top homeland security official said conspiracy theorists were targeting 5G towers. The commissioner of safety was asking for funds to repair damages from these attacks on comms infrastructure.  ",Politics
37,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
38,Every preacher in the Bible including Jesus spoke out against corrupt politics. Every single one.,Politics
39,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
40,"If Texas turns blue, can Republicans ever win the White House again? | Just The News ",Politics
41,"Mr. Piccolo is paid $154,500 by Florida taxpayers and DeSantis won’t fire him",Politics
42,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
43,    One hopes. Meanwhile the UK seems bent on pursuing tRumpi… ,Politics
44,"“Fred Piccolo, spokesman for FLORIDA , deactivated his Twitter account after he tweeted photos of each dead COVID-19 victim should be balanced with 99 photos of people who survive the disease.”  Where do they find these people?  ",Politics
45, John don’t leave.  I send twits and no one responds. I just think it’s something I want to say or sh… ,Politics
46,"If Texas turns blue, can Republicans ever win the White House again? | Just The News ",Politics
47,"BORIS SUCCEEDED; NOBODY ELSE COULD HAVE Boris has got us out, enormously assisted by enemies in his own party and outside too angry to perceive his skills. We should acknowledge that, in our strange post-modern politics, no one else could have done it. ",Politics
48,"Analysis shows new COVID relief deal has state and local aid, despite Cuomo’s claim they got ‘nada’ | Just The News ht…",Politics
49,Hundreds of Japanese still contest Donald Trump’s electoral defeat ,Politics
50,"Beniwal welcomed new Farm laws....  3 months later, Beniwal quits NDA because he is unhappy with Farm laws...  Indian p…",Politics
51,Boris Johnson urges Tory MPs to back Brexit deal as full text published. What an irony if he needs the support of L… ,Politics
52,What the Hell is this?  HOW is foxhunting exempt from Covid restrictions today?  ,Politics
53,Cuomo signs law that allows NY to prosecute those pardoned by a President   ,Politics
54,You are absolutely correct  .   played politics before the election and did nothing to pass a Covid relief bill. Veto the bill Mr. President.,Politics
55,When will a Labour peer apologise for the Rotherham scandal? Perhaps when they are in court next month? ,Politics
56,Wow...dereliction of duty... ,Politics
57,Today millions of Americans will run out of unemployment benefits because Trump didn't sign the relief bill.  Likely he'll be golfing for a third day. ,Politics
58,🚨GA Senate Committee Releases Damning Report On Election Fraud - Election -Untrustworthy--Recommends Decertifying Electors🚨 ,Politics
59,"There's your shot, here's your chaser  ",Politics
60,Actually I meant to share this link  ,Politics
61,Johnson telling us the Brexit deal is his “present” to us. Gove telling us it will put an end to “ugly politics”. The two ugliest men in British politics insisting they’ve done us a favour. Not sure anything shouts ‘We’ve fucked it!’ much louder. A double act of vile dishonesty.,Politics
62,"Tory argument against independence: ""It's illogical for Scots who thought #Brexit was a bad idea, to think that rejoining the EU is a good one"". - ",Politics
63,"China's significant influence in San Francisco is no secret, and it is no wonder the city is called ""Beijing-by-the-Bay.""   ",Politics
64,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
65,And let’s not pretend this is about murderers. Some of the men he pardoned murdered Iraqi civilians. ,Politics
66,Attorney General Ken Paxton tried to get the Trump administration to revoke millions in federal COVID relief funding that Harris County budgeted for expanding mail-in voting earlier this year. ,Politics
67,Trump and His Cronies Must Face the Music for Their Crimes  ⁦⁩  ,Politics
68,AAP MPs raise slogans against farm laws in front of PM.     ,Politics
69,Wow scumbag who defends president scumbag every chance he gets can trash Biden his son and the legal election my qu… ,Politics
70,DeSantis spokesman Piccolo deletes his Twitter account after tweet about COVID-19 victims ,Politics
71,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
72,"Amy Coney Barrett steers the Supreme Court to the right, but not toward President Trump  #SmartNews",Politics
73,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
74,What the Hell is this?  HOW is foxhunting exempt from Covid restrictions today?  ,Politics
75,"And in the post-show interview they blame politics for losing, say the juries ""didn't let the music win"" and try to… ",Politics
76,"GUARDIAN / OBSERVER Politics: "" PM 'caved in' to EU on fish, says fishing industry chief "" ⬇️… ",Politics
77,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
78,“Pence and White House aides have tried to explain to him that his role his more of a formality and he cannot unilaterally reject the Electoral College votes.” ,Politics
79,I will NEVER vote Labour again. Starmer is worst then Corbyn! Why on Earth the UK has not have any opposition FFS?!?,Politics
80," Your a piece of shit, stop giving Americans tax dollars to foreign countries! You don’t control us o… ",Politics
81,This would have been a good idea after WWII as well. Who wouldn’t want to see a photo of 99 living people next to a photo of a fallen soldier in an Evening Paper?,Politics
82,"Dr. Rhode's entire syllabus is FANTASTIC, but the first week is absolutely incredible. As someone who has studied s… ",Politics
83,Here's what happens if Trump doesn't sign the $900 billion relief package | ⁦⁩ ,Politics
84, I'm really hoping the AG is someone with lots of experience and expertise &amp; with a career spent more in practice than politics. Someone like . #JusticeMatters 🇺🇸,Politics
85,Spokesman for Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis deletes his Twitter account after tweeting that photos of each dead #COVID19 victim should be balanced with 99 pictures of people who survived it.  ,Politics
86,Rudy Giuliani: “Starting After Christmas This Is Really Going to Blow Up” ,Politics
87,"  Exactly. Caste and religion politics , that too at farmer's protest has no place. These k… ",Politics
88,Top 10 Best Arabic History &amp; Theory of Politics   ,Politics
89,Majority of Republicans Want Trump to Fight Election Result!! The rest are Rhinos!    ,Politics
90,Johnson telling us the Brexit deal is his “present” to us. Gove telling us it will put an end to “ugly politics”. The two ugliest men in British politics insisting they’ve done us a favour. Not sure anything shouts ‘We’ve fucked it!’ much louder. A double act of vile dishonesty.,Politics
91,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
92,   HOOKERS DO NOT MAKE COVER OF MAGAZINES,Politics
93,Today millions of Americans will run out of unemployment benefits because Trump didn't sign the relief bill.  Likely he'll be golfing for a third day. ,Politics
94,"#Brexit: UK and EU can have 'special relationship', says ........NO THANKS! ",Politics
95,"Q Drop 167  ""POTUS opened the DOOR OF ALL DOORS. Expand your thinking. What is the keystone?"" Q  If You think this Just about Politics Your not Paying Attention  Biblical!!!",Politics
96,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
97,You are absolutely correct  .   played politics before the election and did nothing to pass a Covid relief bill. Veto the bill Mr. President.,Politics
98,I will NEVER vote Labour again. Starmer is worst then Corbyn! Why on Earth the UK has not have any opposition FFS?!? ,Politics
99,A corrupt local and National government is the ruination of America.  Hoping that NGO’s lawsuit is successful. Judg… ,Politics
100,"Opinion: Struan Stevenson: It's illogical for Scots who thought Brexit was a bad idea, to think Scexit is a good one ",Politics
101,"Anyone else see tinsel boobs &amp; bauble nips, or just me?",Politics
102,tabs or spaces?,Politics
103,Survey: Majority of Republicans Want Trump to Fight Election Result   Why isn't the entire  standing with him?    #Newsmax via ,Politics
104,Shadow Environment Secretary  has quoted League polling and said: “We need to close the loopholes so fox hunting can be consigned to the history books where it belongs.” Read more below ,Politics
105,Giuliani promises the Trump election challenge is going to blow up! We seek justice! The traitors have been exposed! We will never give up!   ,Politics
106,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
107,"Sentinel: “Fred Piccolo, spokesman for Gov. Ron DeSantis, deactivated his Twitter account Wednesday after he tweeted in the middle of night that photos of each dead COVID-19 victim should be balanced with 99 photos of people who survive the disease.” ",Politics
108,Thank you Marlon! ,Politics
109,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
110,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
111,  Appeasement politics at another height.,Politics
112,Nope. Fake news,Politics
113,Survey: Majority of Republicans Want Trump to Fight Election Result  #Newsmax via ,Politics
114,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
115,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
116, Get a proper team on merit not politics and they play as a rated team that can actually win a game.,Politics
117,The GOP hard at work. #GOPComplicitTraitors,Politics
118,Today millions of Americans will run out of unemployment benefits because Trump didn't sign the relief bill.  Likely he'll be golfing for a third day. ,Politics
119, Science does not care about politics  Make sure you analyze all the data and do not do the right th… ,Politics
120,FACT CHECK: TRUE,Politics
121,Every preacher in the Bible including Jesus spoke out against corrupt politics. Every single one.,Politics
122,"So, does this bellend approach each vote with the thought... ""How can I best help my mate boris?"" ",Politics
123,"Beniwal welcomed new Farm laws....  3 months later, Beniwal quits NDA because he is unhappy with Farm laws...  Indian p…",Politics
124,Real face of I diva!!! Shame on you for running agenda against kangana !!! Your are yourself influenced my lèft politics!!!  ,Politics
125,"Protestors Storm Oregon State Capitol Over COVID-19 Restrictions, Clash With Police  ",Politics
126,"Roger Stone Is Convicted of Impeding Investigators in a Bid to Protect Trump;  Mr. Stone, a longtime informal adviser to President Trump, obstructed one of Congress’s Russia investigations and lied to lawmakers. ",Politics
127,"So  truly is a 'mini-tRump' in that he also surrounds himself with scum. Fred Piccolo claims he was ""deleting his account anyway' aka no remorse, no apology for his highly offensive tweet. Then again, he &amp; #DeathSantis have been downplaying the pandemic all along.",Politics
128,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
129,Spokesman for Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis deletes his Twitter account after tweeting that photos of each dead #COVID19 victim should be balanced with 99 pictures of people who survived it.  ,Politics
130,"To fulfill the mandate that the 2020 electorate has given them, Mr. Biden and Ms. Harris must reject the politics of austerity and fulfill their commitment to policies that address human needs and cultivate human capacities.  Read our latest : ",Politics
131,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
132,"Brexit trade deal 'moment of national renewal', says Lord Frost. Its time that our national broadcaster got onside… ",Politics
133,#JTISindh_TarbiyatiEjtima #Jui Maulana had earlier said that the rulers would be the rulers who wanted to end Maulana's politics. Today it is going to end by the grace of Allah Himself,Politics
134,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
135, Religion and politics actually,Politics
136,Actually I meant to share this link  ,Politics
137,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
138,Today millions of Americans will run out of unemployment benefits because Trump didn't sign the relief bill.  Likely he'll be golfing for a third day. ,Politics
139,Here's what happens if Trump doesn't sign the $900 billion relief package | ⁦⁩ ,Politics
140,"Since 1995, Kelly Loeffler's family's farms have collected $3.2 million in federal subsidies. ",Politics
141,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
142, Body cams will ensure service improves without drama. Nobody wants that. BBI has a lot of drama and add… ,Politics
143,"  Sure,   never backed conversion therapy, she was gay anti-marriage pre-2005-… ",Politics
144,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
145,"Trump 'Resolved' in Election Challenge, Says Pa. Lawmaker Who Met With Him |   via  ",Politics
146,Johnson telling us the Brexit deal is his “present” to us. Gove telling us it will put an end to “ugly politics”. The two ugliest men in British politics insisting they’ve done us a favour. Not sure anything shouts ‘We’ve fucked it!’ much louder. A double act of vile dishonesty.,Politics
147,What the Hell is this?  HOW is foxhunting exempt from Covid restrictions today?  ,Politics
148,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
149,"Sentinel: “Fred Piccolo, spokesman for Gov. Ron DeSantis, deactivated his Twitter account Wednesday after he tweeted in the middle of night that photos of each dead COVID-19 victim should be balanced with 99 photos of people who survive the disease.” ",Politics
150,"(9) I sincerely ask for your continuous attention on the #12hkyouths, and also a lot other human rights activists in China who are not receiving as much attention.  This is nothing about politics but human rights, the very fundamental rights that should never be deprived.",Politics
151,A Delhi farmer exposes how AAP &amp; its Boss- playing dirty Politics through fake Farmers Agitation. Kejriwal wants to fool Punjabi voters and be Punjab CM. ,Politics
152,How else do you stand talking about politics? ,Politics
153,How’s et alien disclosure going to work with a bunch of pedos in politics and other agencies? Or pedos in general?,Politics
154,Reprehensible!  ,Politics
155,Unemployment Aid Set to Lapse Saturday as Trump’s Plans for Relief Bill Remain Unclear ,Politics
156,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
157,"An efficient farmer, she earned 100 crores in just 10 acres, spoke about  contract farming earlier.  #Politics #india #ncp #bjp #FridayThoughts #KisanStandsWithModi #people #corruption #viawa #farmers #Maharashtra #ShivSena ",Politics
158,How Congress Can Give Americans $2K Relief Checks and Cut Omnibus Pork to Pay for It  via ,Politics
159,Sri Lanka’s Mandatory Cremation Policy Is Playing Politics With The Dead  ,Politics
160,"Sentinel: “Fred Piccolo, spokesman for Gov. Ron DeSantis, deactivated his Twitter account Wednesday after he tweeted in the middle of night that photos of each dead COVID-19 victim should be balanced with 99 photos of people who survive the disease.” ",Politics
161,"No doubt that #Kwanzaa has a dubious origin story but it is more than a ""bootleg Black Christmas"". ""Alternative spaces, education and community are vital to Black politics. So 'Kwanzaa, yenu iwe na heri' (may your Kwanzaa be happy)"" my piece for  ",Politics
162,"When I get wasted at night, I usually tweet about lord of the rings. Yikes.",Politics
163," Just to further reiterate the hypocrisy of it all, whilst everyone is locked down, and forb… ",Politics
164,The two-year anniversary of the 2018 elections is a time for sober reflection. The PTI came to power after over two decades on the periphery of mainstream politics.   #PMIKEmpoweringPak,Politics
165,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
166,The UK will continue to participate in the EU’s flagship €80bn Horizon Europe programme as a paying associate membe… ,Politics
167,"It's possible, though, provided they can reconsider a vacancy appointment and that mistakes can be admitted and rec… ",Politics
168,"If Texas turns blue, can Republicans ever win the White House again? | Just The News ",Politics
169,Sounds like China is really backing them,Politics
170,Politics am I right!,Politics
171," She isn't exactly a kind person, letting aside she was a whore- model and is the laziest #FirstLady… ",Politics
172,"Sentinel: “Fred Piccolo, spokesman for Gov. Ron DeSantis, deactivated his Twitter account Wednesday after he tweeted in the middle of night that photos of each dead COVID-19 victim should be balanced with 99 photos of people who survive the disease.” ",Politics
173,My mam and dad: please don’t bring up politics this year   Me 5 minutes into the Xmas dinner : ,Politics
174, Domestic Terrorism Begins.  Thanks NAZI TRUMP. Your Politics of Hate and Division are having resul… ,Politics
175,"Since 1995, Kelly Loeffler's family's farms have collected $3.2 million in federal subsidies. ",Politics
176,"Only a juvenile  would gulp down hook, line &amp; sinker, when Modi speaks about democracy, secularism, outreach to Muslims, etc. He does so with all the insincerity at his command.  1/2    via ",Politics
177,Today millions of Americans will run out of unemployment benefits because Trump didn't sign the relief bill.  Likely he'll be golfing for a third day. ,Politics
178,"If Texas turns blue, can Republicans ever win the White House again? | Just The News ",Politics
179,Hundreds of Japanese still contest Donald Trump’s electoral defeat ,Politics
180,Today millions of Americans will run out of unemployment benefits because Trump didn't sign the relief bill.  Likely he'll be golfing for a third day. ,Politics
181,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
182,"In Mariah Carey's All I Want For Christmas is You, the speaker refuses the allure of capitalist consumption in favor of a relational socialist politics of the gift. Therefore, the ""you"" in ""all I want for Christmas is you"" is the revolutionary subject. In this essay I argue that",Politics
183,💰💰👇👇  How Congress Can Give Americans $2K Relief Checks and Cut Omnibus Pork to Pay for It  ,Politics
184,"A ""Pasmanda activist"" asking for the genöcide of ""Ashraf Muslims"" to put an end to Hindu-Muslim politics. Now I have seen everything. 🤦🏻‍♂️",Politics
185,"His prathna (prayers) session, observing fasts, etc., to press for importance of demands, introduced a new trend in Indian politics.  #شکریہ_جناح ",Politics
186,They really said that     Washington Post: Denying Election Results Is like Denying Holocaust,Politics
187,"I was a middle line thinker regarding politics. Then, I was more Republican Conservative. Now, I am a Patriot because I know Democrats and Republicans do not give a shit about me!!",Politics
188,Rudy Giuliani: “Starting After Christmas This Is Really Going to Blow Up” ,Politics
189,Rep.-elect Boebert To Object to Electoral College Certification |   via …,Politics
190,"At a meeting held to review the work for integrated tourism development of the Ayodhya Dham, the chief minister dir… ",Politics
191,"Selfish fox hunters will be out illegally killing foxes today even though the country is in the height of a pandemic. They've displayed a total disregard for #Covid19 rules.  No hunting should be happening in #tier4, so call the police if you see any out. ",Politics
192,The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics - POLITICO ++ 😂😂 BC  ,Politics
193,  ‘We are looking at a desperate man who understands that he is losing power.’ - Massimo… ,Politics
194,"Mr. Piccolo is paid $154,500 by Florida taxpayers and DeSantis won’t fire him ",Politics
195,Nobody EARNS billions of dollars. It’s only possible to become that rich by exploiting others. On principle there s… ,Politics
196,The American people only want President Trump! ,Politics
197,Not a good sign when the Supreme Court extends the schedule for argument in the Pennsylvania election challenge beyond Inauguration Day.   The reply is not due until Jan. 22nd. Inaugurations are like cats: it is hard to get either to walk backwards.,Politics
198,Politics: Sikh community leaders outraged as  leader  delays appointment of  as a  Peer!  OBE since 2000 &amp; 32yrs Director at National Audit  is the perfect fit for checking and challenging the work of the Government ,Politics
199,‘Give our people the money!’ Trump makes fresh plea to increase individual COVID aid | Just The News ,Politics
200,"FEAR: Supreme Court in no hurry to hear  campaign case, sets response deadline two days after inauguration  #FoxNews",Politics
201,Precision and digital medicine: transforming the patient journey and medical education ,Education
202,"There is NO difference between the GOP &amp; Dem parties.  They're both fully corrupt, &amp; they've teamed up on the Defense &amp; Covid bills to weaken our country in a way that might never be undone.   is the only hope this nation has, and you MUST show up Jan. 6th in DC. ",Education
203,"Commissioner for Education in Akwa Ibom. Don Davis’s mum recorded her visiting him at 11pm at the hospital. Mrs Mbobi then decided to call her in with Don Davis, not to actually investigate his case with Deeper life but to intimidate her over posting the video #justicefordondavis ",Education
204,"There is NO difference between the GOP &amp; Dem parties.  They're both fully corrupt, &amp; they've teamed up on the Defense &amp; Covid bills to weaken our country in a way that might never be undone.   is the only hope this nation has, and you MUST show up Jan. 6th in DC.",Education
205,This is a Dream to build the Pathshala UNIVERSITY where we can provide Free education to underprivileged Kids from KG to PG.  Please Help us here -   RETWEET WILL BE GREAT HELP  Bhaiya  Ma'am  Bhai  ,Education
206,There are things we are sure we know and things we know we don't know. But the truth  for every body is that there… ,Education
207,"What benefits of people of Pakistan n hub business city of Pakistan Karachi.  Broken roads n sewerage systems,  Kem… ",Education
208,"What's this ""young military man's"" name?   How did he get access to the President of the United States?   What's his service. What's his education? What's his military specialty? Who is this guy that the President is talking about as some sort of authority.  1/",Education
209,"Myth: Getting more children into schools - even awful schools - is a step forward.  No, it’s a step backwards. It allows those responsible for failure to claim success while creating vested interests that resist change.  A 3-minute story: ",Education
210,"SEX EDUCATION, SPECIFICALLY FOR WOMEN IS A MUCH NEEDED BUT NOT TALKED ENOUGH TOPIC. HONESTLY NOBODY IS DOING IT LIKE IDEAFIRST #PearlNextDoorEp6",Education
211,#الغاء_الدراسه_حياتنا_اهم . Stop thinking that the education is more important than our lives . #الغاء_الدراسه_حياتنا_اهم #الغاء_الدراسه_حياتنا_اهم #الغاء_الدراسه_حياتنا_اهم #الغاء_الدراسه_حياتنا_اهم #الغاء_الدراسه_حياتنا_اهم #الغاء_الدراسه_حياتنا_اهم #الغاء_الدراسه_حياتنا_اهم,Education
212,  (1) Was it an ethical move for Google management team to hire Ms. Gebru as technical co-lead of th… ,Education
213,"The most corrupt LYING president in #USA history also has LIED to #Americans over 25,000 times in 4 yrs.  Yet some… ",Education
214,Bill and I were so pleased to read this op-ed in the NYT on Wednesday and I’m grateful to teach in a state where ou… ,Education
215,"""Our kids need arts education now more than ever. Here's what is lost without it,"" write Frank Gehry and Malissa Feruzzi Shriver ",Education
216,I agree with  that English should only be seen as a language of communication and no better or worse than any other.  Exclusive use of English in higher education is no advantage to Indians. It has disadvantaged 95% of the population and made the nation weaker.  1/2,Education
217, Entitlement. Education. Uber-establishment childhood. Narrow social circle. Elitism of the upper cla… ,Education
218, Pro Trump Podacaster and a liar who exaggerated her military service and education background. Only the best people.,Education
219,The conversation we need to be having is that putting the burden of funding higher education on individuals rather than the state was a world-historical crime that blighted the life chances of a generation while destroying one of the greatest educational systems ever known.,Education
220,"A man lies about his education, would be sacked in a moment if he was a peon in North Bock. A man lies about his marital status. Would go to jail. But, in #NewIndia you have Yell graduates like Mrs Irani in the cabinet of the same level PM",Education
221,GOC 19 Div stressed upon the need to engage the youth constructively towards maintaining peace in the Valley. He exhorted the youth to acquire good education &amp; skills for a brighter future &amp; assured full help from #IndianArmy. #kashmirbadalrahahai ,Education
222,"Want to work at Stambaugh Charter Academy? We're hiring in Youngstown, OH! Click the link in our bio for details on… ",Education
223,Liberal Education and Politics  ,Education
224,Spent my day at Gambaga witch camp. We should all help with education and sensitization of communities that are constantly calling old people witches! Akua Denteh was murdered in broad day light over a ‘soothsayer’ claim that she was a witch!  ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️  ,Education
225,#الغاء_الدراسه_حياتنا_اهم #الغاء_الدراسة_حياتنا_اهم  #الغاء_الدراسة_حياتنا_اهم  #الغاء_الدراسة_حياتنا_اهم  #الغاء_الدراسة_حياتنا_اهم  #الغاء_الدراسة_حياتنا_اهم  #الغاء_الدراسة_حياتنا_اهم  #الغاء_الدراسة_حياتنا_اهم  Our lives are more important than education &amp;,Education
226,"Mrs Deborah Okezie, the mother of the boy who was allegedly molested at the Deeper Life boarding school in Uyo has said that the Akwa Ibom Commissioner for Education invited her to her office to intimidate and attack her. ",Education
227,"Cardi B’s song “Wet A** P***y” was just named the best song of 2020 by NPR.  In other words, your taxpayers are promoting ’s disgusting and absolutely foul music to the world.  What’s next? Nicki Minaj for Education Secretary?",Education
228,"  No, they won't cut back your coupons, you'll be sent to a re-education camp never to be h…",Education
229,North Korea HORROR: Kim using re-education camps to test chemical weapons on Christians ,Education
230,What types of challenges are you providing to your students?    #education #students #teachers #children #parents #growthmindset #leadership #stem #design #designthinking #confidence #creativity #community #author #books #amazon #life #CodeBreaker ,Education
231, The fact that you have 333K likes on this shows how much our education system has failed us in the US.,Education
232," reporting that there has been a 57% drop in shoopers footfall this #BoxingDay morning, which has someting to d… ",Education
233," ROWING Magazine would CHOOSE Michelle over Melania TOO!! Magazines choose people who represent or speak to their readers. Michelle represents, the DREAM=hard work, education, selflessness. Melania represents=RACISM, HATE,ENTITLEMENT, PLAGIARISM, Sleeping to the front of the line ",Education
234,The conversation we need to be having is that putting the burden of funding higher education on individuals rather than the state was a world-historical crime that blighted the life chances of a generation while destroying one of the greatest educational systems ever known.,Education
235,"If we look back at 40 years of history, it will be clear to us that the Nigerian state was bound to fail.  When the Oil Bust hit us in 1982, the first people who weren't paid their salaries were teachers, so the long, slow decline our education system was bound to happen.",Education
236,So why were the fishing quotas so important in the Brexit negotiations.... could it be more cronyism?? Looks like it! ,Education
237,"""Education Is Answer To Economic Imbalance Of An Individual Religion &amp; Caste  Divide In Society"".               -     #KollywoodRulerSURIYA",Education
238,Union Grove Elementary School ,Education
239,"Concur.  A garden ain't beautiful with only sunflowers &amp; marigolds of doctors, engineers or MBAs. You need roses of… ",Education
240," Hello, here is your unroll: : This year, I shared 70+ educational threads on business and fina… ",Education
241,Bonjour Europe: Britons are turning to learning languages like never before ,Education
242,"Alumna Dr. Miriam Mobley Smith has created a new endowment fund at  in support of DEI initiatives.  Made to honor her parents (pictured here) and their belief in higher education, you can read Dr. Mobley Smith’s hopes for the fund here:  ",Education
243,"Retired 64 year old Odisha banker cracks NEET, becomes first-year MBBS student ",Education
244,Why the fuck isn't the Press asking these questions?   Why isn't Congress?   This is Trump claiming the US Military is involved in US and Foreign elections. WHY THE FUCK ISN'T SOMEBODY ASKING THE QUESTIONS?,Education
245,This reminds me I should do some Arabic practice before next term :),Education
246,Amusing to see Sturgeon complaining that the UK will no longer be part of the Erasmus Program when she has sought to avoid scrutiny of the Scottish education system by leaving PISA and the International Maths &amp; Literacy programs as under the SNP we dropped down every measure.,Education
247,God forbid I end up with a partner that comes to Twitter to table our marital issues so that Mr Segun level 13 education officer will be dropping his 1 or 2 nuggets on my marriage.,Education
248,"I thank HM  ji for marking this historic day in Guwahati.  Today's launch rejuvenates our heritage, enhances the city's healthcare facilities &amp; boosts education sector. It is a huge reiteration of our promise, to deliver the fruits of progress to every citizen of Assam. ",Education
249,  Says the incel who retweet Ed a sex doll. Funny how all of those Trump loving red states all… ,Education
250,It’s official: Erasmus membership sacrificed in the UK government’s Brexit deal ,Education
251,Pray for our Organization which is almost near to be launched. My honor to get advice from the National Hero… ,Education
252,"I’ve felt this for years. The reason there’s a student loan crisis is because those on the higher classes don’t want education to give access to their spaces, especially Black folks.",Education
253,Options for Everyone  Kristin Vandergraph talks about the state of education in Denver and a lack of internet acces… ,Education
254,"SECULARISM IN EDUCATION - a thread.  (or my personal take on it: why the education system is shitty)  this is especially targeted to the Muslim youth, so do lend an ear, yeah?",Education
255,"But unsurprising. From Brexit to Trumpism to vaccines, the less-educated and less-informed pay the price - in poore… ",Education
256,Replacing a student exchange programme with a one-way scheme for British students will mean fewer anglophile Europeans in positions of influence in 20-30 years time. ,Education
257,  And one of the lowest education standards. Weird that. It’s almost like any decent education is for the elite.,Education
258,"What's this ""young military man's"" name?   How did he get access to the President of the United States?   What's his service. What's his education? What's his military specialty? Who is this guy that the President is talking about as some sort of authority.  1/",Education
259,Replacing a student exchange programme with a one-way scheme for British students will mean fewer anglophile Europeans in positions of influence in 20-30 years time. ,Education
260,"Check out the AACE Lab, the Cooper Union’s sleek new makerspace #architecture #education   J… ",Education
261,"Education is a human right, not a privilege.  As the Convention against Discrimination in Education turns 60 this year, learn more about 's work to ensure everyone's #RightToEducation.  #StandUp4HumanRights ",Education
262,  I second that. You absolutely need to be at forefront of policy making focusing on education.,Education
263,"New from me and : The “anti-racist education” being embraced in schools is concerned with neither imparting knowledge nor ameliorating prejudice. A long look at DiAngelo, Kendi, and the mangled doctrine of “anti-racism.”  ",Education
264,Does anyone have any education on prisons?,Education
265,Today’s Cabinet decision on post-matric scholarship will ensure greater educational access to youngsters belonging to SC communities. Ensuring top quality and affordable education to our youth is an important focus area for our Government. ,Education
266,"""Our kids need arts education now more than ever. Here's what is lost without it,"" write Frank Gehry and Malissa Feruzzi Shriver ",Education
267, Outbreaks in education rose in the last weeks leading up to Christmas as did child hospitalisations.… ,Education
268,"People like Yell Ms Irani are this bearded person's ""streanh""",Education
269,"""Our kids need arts education now more than ever. Here's what is lost without it,"" write Frank Gehry and Malissa Feruzzi Shriver ",Education
270,DeKalb County School District Board of Education: Request DeKalb Schools Superintendent/Board to stay virtual until… ,Education
271,Why the fuck isn't the Press asking these questions?   Why isn't Congress?   This is Trump claiming the US Military is involved in US and Foreign elections. WHY THE FUCK ISN'T SOMEBODY ASKING THE QUESTIONS? ,Education
272,She’s an embarrassment to Women! Keep her away from children! Disgusting how the music industry thinks there’re Relevant!,Education
273,Jhankaar'Education Point: Class 7 Science NCERT Chapter 17 SOLUTION ,Education
274,It’s official: Erasmus membership sacrificed in the UK government’s Brexit deal ,Education
275,REVEALED: The coronavirus stimulus bill passed by Congress Monday blocks governors from using emergency education funds for school choice programs. ,Education
276,She’s an embarrassment to Women! Keep her away from children! Disgusting how the music industry thinks there’re Relevant!,Education
277,"Senzo Meyiwa's tombstone has been vandalized just 2 months after it was unveiled in Clermont, Durban.  NOTICE: Dept of Education 2021 Internship Applications. Closing Date: Friday 29th of January 2021. Link:  ___ ",Education
278, education &gt; or artificial intelligence  based on crammed knowledge  education is Boon not a Bane,Education
279,"Started with sizzling pekpek education and ended with sizzling choosing situation 🤔🤔 Team alex talaga ako eh,, #confused #PearlNextDoorEp6",Education
280,"Men in the comments going “if it was a female child yen yen yen” Please don’t forget that if it was a female child, women would have volunteered themselves to help and even donate and fund the cause. Stay there....If it’s patriarchy fc now, you would have bought website",Education
281,"Hey bro: STOP STARING! We *know* we look more “masculine” than u 🤣  Not nakedsocialisthistory (who needs history on #christmas?), but naked #queer education: today, we () talk about the “straight man’s double take” (hat tip ’s #lovecraftcountry). ",Education
282,"we've hammed the global economy, global mental health, education, access to other health care, vaccination, and even food security in poor nations to close off vectors that were never any real threat.  this has been the single greatest health policy blunder in human history.",Education
283,"SEX EDUCATION, SPECIFICALLY FOR WOMEN IS A MUCH NEEDED BUT NOT TALKED ENOUGH TOPIC. HONESTLY NOBODY IS DOING IT LIKE IDEAFIRST #PearlNextDoorEp6",Education
284, What a surprise!! Pl sign and retweet the  parliamentary petition for UK to join the new Erasmus… ,Education
285,This woman cried out about her 10 year old son being maltreated and sexually molested at Deeper Life High School only for the Uyo State commissioner for education to invite her and further humiliate her and the child .She was bullied and asked to delete her live video on Facebook ,Education
286,"A  cadet told his Black classmate Rafael Jenkins “I'm going to lynch you … and use your dead corpse as a punching bag.” Then VMI tried to expel Rafael, falsely accusing him of cheating w/ NO evidence!  ",Education
287,Please how do we arrange and fund legal services for this Mother? I genuinely want to fight now.,Education
288,"If we look back at 40 years of history, it will be clear to us that the Nigerian state was bound to fail.  When the Oil Bust hit us in 1982, the first people who weren't paid their salaries were teachers, so the long, slow decline our education system was bound to happen.",Education
289, Jonathan has a PhD. Former Enugu governor Chimaroke Nnamani is a surgeon. Delta Governor Okowa is a… ,Education
290,"What's this ""young military man's"" name?   How did he get access to the President of the United States?   What's his service. What's his education? What's his military specialty? Who is this guy that the President is talking about as some sort of authority.  1/",Education
291," 😱 OH TABBI! Where are your priorities, child!!! I blame the parents... 😜 lots of Boxing Day love (… ",Education
292," My orders were due to be ready from 10 today, it’s 2pm now. Any chance I can get a timeframe, as my e… ",Education
293,"A vision turned to reality! Amma Odi, Nadu Nedu-Manabadi formed the base to provide quality education to children with no financial burden on parents. With improved access and quality, a high number of students join govt. schools leaving private schools #YSJaganCares 👏👏👏 ",Education
294,Jhankaar'Education Point: Class 7 Science NCERT CHAPTER 11  ,Education
295,Bonjour Europe: Britons are turning to learning languages like never before ,Education
296,Pregnancy.  Leaving the abuser.  Holidays/birthdays.  Entering new relationships.  Achieving higher education.  Ach… ,Education
297,"Retired 64 year old Odisha banker cracks NEET, becomes first-year MBBS student ",Education
298,"The Student Loan debt ""crisis"" is overblown.  Leftist whiners who could've chosen other avenues like military service and state schools to lessen the financial burden of education are trying to swindle taxpayers.  Don't let them:  ",Education
299,"I’ve felt this for years. The reason there’s a student loan crisis is because those on the higher classes don’t want education to give access to their spaces, especially Black folks.",Education
300," Jesus fucking christ, you are wayyyyyyy out in those woods. 🤣😂🤣😂🤣 This is comedy GOLD.  I would ask where y… ",Education
301,"That would violate separation of powers and be far outside the military's area of authority and expertise. Is it at the state or federal level? What training, education, and experience does he have in this area? Again, what's his job, who's he working for?   5/",Education
302,Ok this is mad! You game! Winner! ,Education
303,Jhankaar'Education Point: Class 9 NCERT SCIENCE Chap 1 SOLUTION ,Education
304,"Biden has Miguel Cardona as his Sec of Ed nominee.   Although the Department of Ed should not exist, although Ameri… ",Education
305,The mathematics education Daily is out!  Stories via   #maths #math,Education
306,  They are enjoying free Education in prison while we can't afford Tuition outside of prison😏😪,Education
307,"Cardi B’s song “Wet A** P***y” was just named the best song of 2020 by NPR.  In other words, your taxpayers are promoting ’s disgusting and absolutely foul music to the world.  What’s next? Nicki Minaj for Education Secretary?",Education
308,"Retired 64 year old Odisha banker cracks NEET, becomes first-year MBBS student ",Education
309,"  Yes... As afrikans, we celebrate 'Christmas' on the 21st of JUNE , new year on the 23… ",Education
310, Totally agree. I'm glad these weren't the messages I grew up with. I always knew I'd make my own way. Th… ,Education
311,Why the fuck isn't the Press asking these questions?   Why isn't Congress?   This is Trump claiming the US Military is involved in US and Foreign elections. WHY THE FUCK ISN'T SOMEBODY ASKING THE QUESTIONS?,Education
312,"  No, they won't cut back your coupons, you'll be sent to a re-education camp never to be h…",Education
313," They truly do want the poor to stay poor and uneducated. Education means knowledge, knowledge means a broadening of thought, this is all a threat to the R party..educated people see truth and have confidence to challenge. Therein lies the threat.💙🌊",Education
314,"Just read the article, I believe there are many others like me who do not care online or offline just take it any w… ",Education
315,"What's this ""young military man's"" name?   How did he get access to the President of the United States?   What's his service. What's his education? What's his military specialty? Who is this guy that the President is talking about as some sort of authority.  1/",Education
316,Why the fuck isn't the Press asking these questions?   Why isn't Congress?   This is Trump claiming the US Military is involved in US and Foreign elections. WHY THE FUCK ISN'T SOMEBODY ASKING THE QUESTIONS?,Education
317,Jhankaar'Education Point: CLASS 8 SCIENCE CHAPTER 2 SOLUTION ,Education
318,   👍  Still in the education phase.  Revealing of all that is or could be corrup… ,Education
319,"Cardi B’s song “Wet A** P***y” was just named the best song of 2020 by NPR.  In other words, your taxpayers are promoting ’s disgusting and absolutely foul music to the world.  What’s next? Nicki Minaj for Education Secretary?",Education
320,"What's this ""young military man's"" name?   How did he get access to the President of the United States?   What's his service. What's his education? What's his military specialty? Who is this guy that the President is talking about as some sort of authority.  1/ ",Education
321,"Someone from India says that Newton is greatest scientist ever.  That's what English education did to Indians..  They don't know about their great, ancient scientists like Kanada from whom Newton in all likelihood copied.  Hope it changes  ",Education
322,In continuing our Bottles-For-Books (B4B) initiative by ensuring no child/young adult is deprived of the fundamenta… ,Education
323, We can probably blame Tory education cuts for the bad grammar.,Education
324," People are very good at sticking their heads in the sand ,particularly if it doesn’t affect them. Look at the schools situation . Many said that was ok. It was good to have all the children mixing for the sake of education.This has led to a quick mutation and worse situation .",Education
325,"Hi All, Check out the Mind Map of matter  Basics of Chemistry | Part -11| Chapter 1  Link:  ",Education
326,Pupils are being encouraged to consider their university degrees carefully to ensure a flourishing career in a post… ,Education
327,    You're telling me about Cuba?? Are you serious?  The country… ,Education
328,Edwin Hubble &gt; Nobel Prize Committee &gt; List of Spanish Nobel laureates &gt; List of Nobel laureates affiliated with th… ,Education
329,"What a novel idea, to appoint someone who has actually taught, principaled and managed public schools to be the Sec… ",Education
330,"Support the call for an official boycott of the minister of education and science of the Republic of Poland, Mr. Pr… ",Education
331,She’s an embarrassment to Women! Keep her away from children! Disgusting how the music industry thinks there’re Relevant!,Education
332,Silence on Magee ‘an actual insult’ to Derry - local Councillor  ,Education
333,"""Our kids need arts education now more than ever. Here's what is lost without it,"" write Frank Gehry and Malissa Feruzzi Shriver ",Education
334,"6) Initially, public health officials insisted that schoolchildren contracted #COVID19 in the community and not in schools. But if that’s so, why has the Education Ministry confirmed that as of Dec. 22, there were 1,165 active cases among teachers and other staff?",Education
335,"She’s doing all the right things, we must help her get #JusticeForDonDavis",Education
336,"Retired 64 year old Odisha banker cracks NEET, becomes first-year MBBS student ",Education
337,"What's this ""young military man's"" name?   How did he get access to the President of the United States?   What's his service. What's his education? What's his military specialty? Who is this guy that the President is talking about as some sort of authority.  1/",Education
338,"Tribute to #BharatRatna #Mahamana Pandit #MadanMohanMalaviya, a great Indian educationist, politician, social reformer, freedom fighter, visionary, champion of modern education in India and founder of the famous #BanarasHinduUniversity on his Birth Anniversary! ",Education
339,Why the fuck isn't the Press asking these questions?   Why isn't Congress?   This is Trump claiming the US Military is involved in US and Foreign elections. WHY THE FUCK ISN'T SOMEBODY ASKING THE QUESTIONS? ,Education
340,#ISYA #OYA The two International School of Young Astronomers set for 2020 will now take place in 2021.  Learn more about these ISYAs here:  ,Education
341,"NCCU alumnus Eric Bracy, '95, has been appointed superintendent of Johnston County Public Schools in Smithfield, N.C. Eric has served in various leadership roles education for over 20 years.  Learn more about Eric here:  ",Education
342,Learn With Alex Education – We Welcome You To Join Alex Education™️  ?Get Ready For The Next Semester 2020? Alex ed… ,Education
343, Why not stage a school sit-in when the pandemic is over. Get the kids to stay at school when the bel… ,Education
344,   (1) Was it an ethical move for Google management team to hire Ms. Gebru a… ,Education
345,"Mrs Deborah Okezie, the mother of the boy who was allegedly molested at the Deeper Life boarding school in Uyo has said that the Akwa Ibom Commissioner for Education invited her to her office to intimidate and attack her. ",Education
346,"We must find secular ways to cultivate warm-heartedness — to educate ourselves about inner values. The source of a happy life is within us. Troublemakers in many parts of the world are often well educated, so it’s not just education we need. We must pay attention to inner values.",Education
347,"The Student Loan debt ""crisis"" is overblown.  Leftist whiners who could've chosen other avenues like military service and state schools to lessen the financial burden of education are trying to swindle taxpayers.  Don't let them:  ",Education
348,"This year, I shared 70+ educational threads on business and finance.  It was all free. I believe education is a fundamental human right and this was my way of giving back.  Here are my 5 favorite threads. Tag a loved one to regift and share the wealth! Merry Christmas!  👇👇👇",Education
349,Why the fuck isn't the Press asking these questions?   Why isn't Congress?   This is Trump claiming the US Military is involved in US and Foreign elections. WHY THE FUCK ISN'T SOMEBODY ASKING THE QUESTIONS? ,Education
350,Good Grief...😮,Education
351,"There is NO difference between the GOP &amp; Dem parties.  They're both fully corrupt, &amp; they've teamed up on the Defense &amp; Covid bills to weaken our country in a way that might never be undone.   is the only hope this nation has, and you MUST show up Jan. 6th in DC.",Education
352,Why the fuck isn't the Press asking these questions?   Why isn't Congress?   This is Trump claiming the US Military is involved in US and Foreign elections. WHY THE FUCK ISN'T SOMEBODY ASKING THE QUESTIONS?,Education
353,Why are we British so gullible? I blame it on our second rate education system.    Revealed: the millionaires hoarding UK fishing rights ,Education
354,"Update: Punjab CM Office has forwarded the concerns put forth by students to Principal Secretary, Technical Education. Hoping for an early decision.  #IKPTU",Education
355,"  It's emergency stop gap education, esp given the lack of funding, resources given to public educators.",Education
356,"Retired 64 year old Odisha banker cracks NEET, becomes first-year MBBS student ",Education
357,"A man lies about his education, would be sacked in a moment if he was a peon in North Bock. A man lies about his marital status. Would go to jail. But, in #NewIndia you have Yell graduates like Mrs Irani in the cabinet of the same level PM",Education
358,"Thank you Maratha Vidya Prasarak Samaj's CANS, Nashik for inviting us to speak on education opportunities after an… ",Education
359,Read the entire thread. It’s important. The President thinks you are stupid and people lap it up. Biden is right. 1… ,Education
360,"  People in these countries usually pay taxes at around 60% but then everything from ""he… ",Education
361,Prioritizing Children's Education Can Bridge Our Divides | RealClearEducation ,Education
362,"Someone from India says that Newton is greatest scientist ever.  That's what English education did to Indians..  They don't know about their great, ancient scientists like Kanada from whom Newton in all likelihood copied.  Hope it changes ",Education
363,"Retired 64 year old Odisha banker cracks NEET, becomes first-year MBBS student ",Education
364,"We must find secular ways to cultivate warm-heartedness — to educate ourselves about inner values. The source of a happy life is within us. Troublemakers in many parts of the world are often well educated, so it’s not just education we need. We must pay attention to inner values.",Education
365,"We must find secular ways to cultivate warm-heartedness — to educate ourselves about inner values. The source of a happy life is within us. Troublemakers in many parts of the world are often well educated, so it’s not just education we need. We must pay attention to inner values.",Education
366,Congratulations to Miguel Cardona on his appointment as the new Secretary of Education!! Now the hard work begins.,Education
367,Oh for goodness sake.....give me a break.,Education
368,"The Student Loan debt ""crisis"" is overblown.  Leftist whiners who could've chosen other avenues like military service and state schools to lessen the financial burden of education are trying to swindle taxpayers.  Don't let them:  ",Education
369,"What's this ""young military man's"" name?   How did he get access to the President of the United States?   What's his service. What's his education? What's his military specialty? Who is this guy that the President is talking about as some sort of authority.  1/",Education
370," I have some questions about this guy, .   Show your work.",Education
371,Seems like this woman and her family are fighting this battle alone. Her son was molested and now the state is taking the side of the oppressors. How can we help?,Education
372,billionaireness on autopilot.,Education
373, So the working middle class will pay for the education for those that parasite off the government?,Education
374,    You mean like you're a terrible education victim.,Education
375,"I thank HM  ji for marking this historic day in Guwahati.  Today's launch rejuvenates our heritage, enhances the city's healthcare facilities &amp; boosts education sector. It is a huge reiteration of our promise, to deliver the fruits of progress to every citizen of Assam. ",Education
376,   Sex education  #StarFMBestof2020 P-Pop Group of The Year - SB19… ,Education
377,"Retired 64 year old Odisha banker cracks NEET, becomes first-year MBBS student ",Education
378,"People actually listen to this guy? Like, forget that he makes no sense, just the voice alone is enough to raise qu… ",Education
379,Two Nations ideology in Quaid Azam's own words... for the last 70 years the secular liberal rascals have been trying to create doubts on the two Nations ideology... They were hiding the speeches of Quaid in the archives and never taught in education or on media..۔ ,Education
380,"No doubt that #Kwanzaa has a dubious origin story but it is more than a ""bootleg Black Christmas"". ""Alternative spaces, education and community are vital to Black politics. So 'Kwanzaa, yenu iwe na heri' (may your Kwanzaa be happy)"" my piece for  ",Education
381," Please increase relief to $2,000 so that I can use my Groupon for that Doctor of Education 3-month… ",Education
382,"You confuse &amp; demoralise young minds, it will ruin generations to come - Indian school education is doing exactly this.  An example of how textbooks demean Vedic Dharma &amp; spread false theories.  A class 6 student exposes falsehood of narrative in #history textbook.   ",Education
383,"This year, I shared 70+ educational threads on business and finance.  It was all free. I believe education is a fundamental human right and this was my way of giving back.  Here are my 5 favorite threads. Tag a loved one to regift and share the wealth! Merry Christmas!  👇👇👇",Education
384,"People don’t know how difficult it is to insist on pursuing your dreams even when you’re told that it’s over for you because ‘you chose boys over education so now you’re nothing more than a useless baby maker’, To be mocked &amp; ostracized by your own family &amp; used as an example...",Education
385,"The Student Loan debt ""crisis"" is overblown.  Leftist whiners who could've chosen other avenues like military service and state schools to lessen the financial burden of education are trying to swindle taxpayers.  Don't let them:  ",Education
386,"Please, read the attached article.",Education
387,"Lmaoo most of these cases come from strict authoritarian parents whose only parenting and sex education is ""abstain… ",Education
388,"""Our kids need arts education now more than ever. Here's what is lost without it,"" write Frank Gehry and Malissa Feruzzi Shriver ",Education
389,"All the best to #IntawardAlumni and National Director of  Twaambo Chikoye who will be speaking on ""The Power of Non-Formal Education"" at this stakeholders dialogue hosted by The Salesians of Don Bosco in Lusaka today.   #WORLDREADY ",Education
390,A dreadful decision to take away the opportunity for UK and EU students to live and study in each others countries. The opportunity to learn and practice a language. How dare #Brexit take all these European benefits from us! Be ashamed  !!!!,Education
391,"We are pleased to invite you to the Virtual Fitness Show &amp; health education for a healthy lifestyle, tomorrow , Sunday, 27 December 2020, from 7 am-8 am at     and on our social media platforms. #BeActiveRw ",Education
392,Juste sublime ✨,Education
393,Please how do we arrange and fund legal services for this Mother? I genuinely want to fight now.,Education
394,"Travel is not reward for working, it's education for living.” #gkc ",Education
395,Why the fuck isn't the Press asking these questions?   Why isn't Congress?   This is Trump claiming the US Military is involved in US and Foreign elections. WHY THE FUCK ISN'T SOMEBODY ASKING THE QUESTIONS?,Education
396,Pregnancy.  Leaving the abuser.  Holidays/birthdays.  Entering new relationships.  Achieving higher education.  Achieving professional/personal success.  All of these are experiences linked to subsequent #ViolenceAgainstWomen.,Education
397,A lot of the arguments about whether people “deserve” to have their student debt cancelled seem to skip over the simplest and most obvious reason for doing so: We should cancel student debt because education is a public good.,Education
398,"""Education Is Answer To Economic Imbalance Of An Individual Religion &amp; Caste  Divide In Society"".               -     #KollywoodRulerSURIYA",Education
399,"There is NO difference between the GOP &amp; Dem parties.  They're both fully corrupt, &amp; they've teamed up on the Defense &amp; Covid bills to weaken our country in a way that might never be undone.   is the only hope this nation has, and you MUST show up Jan. 6th in DC.",Education
400,   Doesn't make it OK that he still can't afford a car.  People shouldn't hav… ,Education
401," 'Education' in 'The Land of Dope &amp; Tory' What can anyone expect, from covert, Militant Nihilists,w… ",Education
402,"Wishing harmony, health, satisfaction, and success for everyone in the coming year. It's a happy #Christmas. #Kashmir #christmasisnotcancelled ",Health
403,"Vitamin D, other everyday vitamins could counter coronavirus effects: report | Fox News ",Health
404,Dr. Alexander appeared to issue public health guidance based on whatever fiction would win Trump’s favor rather than science-based facts. He even urged agency officials to modify reports he perceived as damaging to Trump. We launched an investigation. ,Health
405,Isha di May this Christmas fulfill all your wishes and fill your life with loads of happiness and success May Santa… ,Health
406,"In 2001, Portugal decriminalised all drugs and adopted a health led approach to drug use. In the past 15 years, the UK has seen a doubling of drug-related deaths, meanwhile, Portugal has seen a 66% reduction in the same period. To save lives, we need a health led approach.",Health
407,"Wish you all the happiness, health and success. Thank you for brightening up our world. For brights, every day is bright day and we believe that brighter days are ahead of us. 🌠   #BrightYourDay1227  #BrightBDPresents #bbrightvc ",Health
408,"Dr. Fauci admitted lying to the American people about masks, in order to conserve them for health workers. He has now admitted lying about the herd immunity threshold, so that we would be more likely to get vaccinated. What else is he lying to us about?",Health
409,"sorry, my mental health is way more important than any friendship or relationship.",Health
410,Thanks Amerikkka. ☹️,Health
411,Dr. Alexander appeared to issue public health guidance based on whatever fiction would win Trump’s favor rather than science-based facts. He even urged agency officials to modify reports he perceived as damaging to Trump. We launched an investigation. ,Health
412,Public health experts have been saying this for almost a year: We won't be able to get COVID-19 under control in our communities until we STOP the spread in jails. ,Health
413," Hello to you Dear Mr.William,my name is Tolojanahary Mbolatiana Francois d'Assise,i live in Madagascar,i a… ",Health
414,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
415,"One of the  largest initiatives studying the host genome for Cov-19. Qatar Genome is a proud participant, Learn more from the BBC news piece by                 #QFRDI",Health
416,"""If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself, but if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it.” - Seokjin ",Health
417, taught us all to manifest!! I will be the 25th winner🙏🏼 Losing my job in March being made redundant left me really struggling with my mental health &amp; financially. Pls help me treat my mum and bestfreind to some PLT as they were my backbone!!💗🦄 #ChristmasWithPLT ✨,Health
418,"Rajinikanth’s health progressing well, says Apollo Hospital; TN CM enquires ",Health
419,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
420," I think the adoption of germ theory by British doctors, the advent of vaccination, and The pre-1840 liter… ",Health
421,not to be annoying and overly sensitive but why is it a trend to mock tweens/teens who reach out with questions about their sexual health on social media,Health
422,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
423,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
424,"Covid-19 has shown us that good health is not just down to biology  “Of all the lessons we’ve learned from this pandemic, the most significant is how unequal its effects have been”    ",Health
425,Seokjin taught us about self love. And now him telling us that its okay to ask for help if we don't know how to deal with our mental health is so important. He has always encouraged us to speak up about our struggles and seek help if needed.,Health
426,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
427,"I usually do not share the same views as you regarding faith and religion, but I vehemently agree with you here. This is just the opposite of secularism and rather promotes communalism, in case this is mentioned in this document.  ",Health
428,WE DESERVE A BETTER SECRETARY OF HEALTH.  Incompetence kills.,Health
429,"My take away from this Christmas is gratitude. Gratitude for science, for my coworkers, for my resilience and healt… ",Health
430,"The  can rot in a cesspool, I don't give a damn about his health! Remove the tarnished medal of Freed… ",Health
431,I think people are becoming numb to numbers &amp; ignoring what’s happening in hospitals. Very similar to typical global health stuff- few care about kids dying of pneumonia in poor countries bc it’s just a number. And they don’t see it. And it’s depressing and uncomfortable. ,Health
432,890 new cases of covid19 reported in Gujarat in a day: State Health department ,Health
433,Proven Working Remedies for Supporting Hair Growth:  #remedies #hair #beauty #health ,Health
434,"In 2001, Portugal decriminalised all drugs and adopted a health led approach to drug use. In the past 15 years, the UK has seen a doubling of drug-related deaths, meanwhile, Portugal has seen a 66% reduction in the same period. To save lives, we need a health led approach.",Health
435,"Whether it's a facial, massage, or even a pedicure, be sure to pamper yourself. Your health and appearance help your positivity🌷 ",Health
436,"“Ultimately, we need to change what we eat and how it is produced if we are going to save wildlife on a global scale.” 👉Most European farm subsidies go towards supporting industrial farming that harms our health.  👉 ",Health
437,"Tory ministers saying “we owe it to children to keep schools open” might want to explain to me why they closed my youth centre, cut mental health services, underfunded my secondary school, stripped free school meals from my peers, tripled uni fees, demonised climate strikers...",Health
438,We need a new health secretary.,Health
439,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
440,And other health issues,Health
441,No healthcare. ,Health
442,2021 intentions 🤍✨  • good health • a positive mindset • success in abundance • financial stability • healthy relationships • meaningful connection • spiritual growth,Health
443," You also have to take care of your health. I love you. By the way, that looks really good on you👌🏻 Goodnight❤️",Health
444,"🐹: if you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself, but if you don’t, i think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it. ",Health
445,We need a new health secretary.,Health
446,"Truth👇 Who in their right mind would nominate/vote for a person with on set of dementia to the highest level of USA government! DS=DemoRats=Chyna  They have blackmailed and threatened our elected officials, 3 letter depts, judges, MSM,health,education, religion PLANED FOR YEARS! ",Health
447,"Seokjin ""If you know how to deal with your mental health, it's fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don't, I think it's good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it""   The way Seokjin is so understanding on different povs and wise. 😭 ",Health
448,AT&amp;T  Nashville’s 'Batman Building' to close for cleaning in response to coronavirus concerns   ,Health
449,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
450, Take care of your health oppaa saranghaeyoo,Health
451,"""If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself, but if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it.” - Seokjin ",Health
452,"Finally Indian version of secularisation reaches Police, health and Govt schools.  Next what?  Only Muslim judges and lawyers in cases involving Muslims?  Hmm, Minority appeasement from an allegedly 'Hindu majoritarian communal party government' is necessary to win SABKA VISHWAS.",Health
453,Remember us pushing for sunlight in early 2020?   We are smart people.   .,Health
454,"To all out there who devotes their lives to giving those with mental ill health, a learning disability and autistic people a good life, thank you, and happy Christmas!",Health
455,Thanks to Modi Sarkar for #AyushmanBharat Yojana under which every family of Jammu and Kashmir get Rs. 5 Lakh for health insurance.    ,Health
456,Public health experts have been saying this for almost a year: We won't be able to get COVID-19 under control in our communities until we STOP the spread in jails. ,Health
457,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
458,"Who are these Canadians putting ""Biden/Harris"" in their profiles? Go do a health insurance or something.",Health
459,"I really appreciated this part from Jin, because growing up I often struggled with my mental health, but at the same time I knew what I needed. I knew when I needed to talk and when I needed privacy. People didn’t always respect that. This is the first time I’ve heard it said. ",Health
460,Seokjin taught us about self love. And now him telling us that its okay to ask for help if we don't know how to deal with our mental health is so important. He has always encouraged us to speak up about our struggles and seek help if needed.,Health
461,2) We also cannot forgot cognitive deficits seen in #COVID19 patients. Here is a detailed thread of the evidence on cognitive function. 👇,Health
462,Take good care of your health also our danny.. See you soon! Lovelots! 💞 #최현석 #CHOIHYUNSUK #TREASURE,Health
463,"France Forced To Postpone ""Health Dictatorship"" Vaccine Legislation ",Health
464,🤢can someone---just🤢,Health
465,"""if you know how to deal with your mental health, it's fine to keep it to yourself,"" But if u don't I think it's good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it.     So honest and simple seokjin 😭💜😭💜😭 ",Health
466,Here are some quick facts about the COVID-19 vaccine from the CA Department of Public Health!… ,Health
467, we demand an official statement on taeyong's health condition and a proper statement regarding the const… ,Health
468,"#BillyJohnson ""So, I won't be able to blame the EU for much longer, but I still have experts, teachers, lefties, health workers to blame, so I'll  keep things warm for the GOVE who will step up to save us from something or other when I resign for the good of something or other"". ",Health
469,"Covid leads to ill health for many months in at least 10% of people who get it affecting self-care, caring for others, work &amp; exercise. This info rarely makes it to the govt pandemic press briefings, but it’s important for people of all ages to know it to make informed choices.",Health
470,"Open today, Saturday 9am- 6pm.  Improve digestion and joint health with fresh ingredients and natural nutrients fou… ",Health
471,"I really appreciated this part from Jin, because growing up I often struggled with my mental health, but at the same time I knew what I needed. I knew when I needed to talk and when I needed privacy. People didn’t always respect that. This is the first time I’ve heard it said. ",Health
472,What have we done to deserve a health secretary like Francisco Duque lll? 😡😡😡,Health
473,"Fun fact: In an October survey of 13,000 nurses, 36% said they would not voluntarily take a #Covid vaccine; only 34% said they would. ",Health
474,"• Wishing everyone everywhere greetings, best wishes, good health and happiness. Flaxroots - Writing from New Zealand. It's easy to make an author happy! If you've read a book and enjoyed it, please leave a short review. Goodreads or at Amazon  ",Health
475,🆘🇨🇳 #Beijing #coronavirus       five positive cases,Health
476,WE DESERVE A BETTER SECRETARY OF HEALTH.  Incompetence kills.,Health
477,Dr. Alexander appeared to issue public health guidance based on whatever fiction would win Trump’s favor rather than science-based facts. He even urged agency officials to modify reports he perceived as damaging to Trump. We launched an investigation. ,Health
478," I feel retiring due to some random old age health concern may occur, making it necessary.  No, I di… ",Health
479,Health and education have always been a priority for our government. PM  has always emphasized the importance of improving Pakistan’s human development indicators and inshallah this investment in the people will pay off.   #PMIK_ChakwalPackage ,Health
480,I think people are becoming numb to numbers &amp; ignoring what’s happening in hospitals. Very similar to typical global health stuff- few care about kids dying of pneumonia in poor countries bc it’s just a number. And they don’t see it. And it’s depressing and uncomfortable.,Health
481,"Devistating to our environment, our health, our conscience, our future...  ...and the animals 🙏🏼  #vegan… ",Health
482,Dr. Alexander appeared to issue public health guidance based on whatever fiction would win Trump’s favor rather than science-based facts. He even urged agency officials to modify reports he perceived as damaging to Trump. We launched an investigation. ,Health
483,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
484,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
485,#ForcedVaccination - ultimate enemy of #TruthFreedomHealth - violates Truth that One Size Does NOT Fit All; annihilates Freedom to choose Right Medicine for Right Person at Right Time; &amp; distracts BOOSTING IMMUNE SYSTEM to achieve real Health.   ,Health
486,"tw // sexual assault, mental health  – i just wanted to quickly make a thread on resources to help you if you are going through a tough time &amp; add some petitions for blm. please at least sign the petitions and if you need a resource please use it your mental health is vital!",Health
487,"France Forced To Postpone ""Health Dictatorship"" Vaccine Legislation ",Health
488,"Second “more transmissible” strain of coronavirus detected in UK, thought to be from South Africa, Health Secretary Matt Hancock says  ",Health
489,Health experts are worrying that the public could balk if offered a coronavirus vaccine shot that's only moderately effective ,Health
490,“Prevention” left the group,Health
491,AT&amp;T  Nashville’s 'Batman Building' to close for cleaning in response to coronavirus concerns   ,Health
492,       Except they are not...  1… ,Health
493,WE DESERVE A BETTER SECRETARY OF HEALTH.  Incompetence kills.,Health
494,Conspiracy theories in the #coronavirus  case have become closer to health than official interpretations. I think h… ,Health
495,"We are pleased to invite you to our Virtual Fitness Show &amp; health education for a healthy lifestyle, which will take place on Sunday, 27 December 2020, from 7 am-8 am &amp; will be Live     and social media platforms. #BeActiveRw #RwOT ",Health
496,"Mexico depends heavily on tourism, &amp; the government chooses tourism profit over the health &amp; safety of their citize… ",Health
497,Three claps for desi parents 👏👏👏  ✨Mental health ain't an issue✨,Health
498,"I wish I had documented the covid 19 protocols at the Accra airport yesterday.   Visitors fill out a health form online, and receive a covid test. By the time you collect your bags your test is ready.   Efficient &amp; Effective. Why can't the UK/US implement similar protocols?",Health
499, Health come 1st padd. Get well m8,Health
500,"This film short made by a Toronto teen is frighteningly brilliant and terrifying, a good summary of what ""public health authorities"" have done to children this year. Must watch. ",Health
501,"""If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself, but if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it.” - Seokjin ",Health
502,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself,”   “But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it.”  KIM SEOKJIN REALLY SPEAKS COMFORT 😭",Health
503,A bit of info on the lovely philanthropist  kill gates! Vaccines are the best investment he made he says...... this… ,Health
504,"Health Sec. Francisco Duque III: 79 passengers have arrived from the United Kingdom; 1 tested positive for COVID-19, not known yet if new strain ",Health
505,From this   ,Health
506,"A lack of access to dental care for low income people is a HUGE social justice and public health problem, and it’s driven in part by the “maldistribution of dentists.” Dentists regularly graduate with  $400k in debt, so they follow the money— not the communities who need them.",Health
507,... just seokjin giving me the 572728836738th reason to love him more.. ,Health
508,We demand an official statement on Taeyong's health condition and a proper statement regarding the constant neglige… ,Health
509,"We have no time to waste on long discussions. Lives are at stake and we need immediate action, right information and fast decisions.   I am urging Health Secretary Francisco Duque III to immediately impose a travel ban from the United Kingdom.",Health
510,"I'm yet to meet people who are as happy to pay taxes as Norwegians. The common explanation is that since the government gives them high quality health, education and other services, they are happy to pay the taxes. Wonder what it takes to get people to be this happy to pay taxes?",Health
511,"Hundreds of immigrants in France🇫🇷 working on the #coronavirus frontline, from cleaners to health aides, have had their service to the country recognised with fast-track citizenship   via   #COVID19",Health
512,"...Some friendly health advice to Iran: If one American is killed, I will hold Iran responsible. Think it over.",Health
513,"• Wishing everyone everywhere greetings, best wishes, good health and happiness. Flaxroots - Writing from New Zealand. It's easy to make an author happy. If you've read a book and enjoyed it please leave a short review at Amazon or Goodreads. Thank you.  ",Health
514," thank you for always reminding us to take care of our health, but don't forget to take care of your health too hyunsuk",Health
515,"God save us from the tyranny of the National Health ID. Was listening to the govt brief on this, and, oh my God, my ears began to hurt. When you visit a doctor in the future, your digital health ID will show them your entire medical history 🤦‍♀️ #DigitalTyranny",Health
516,"As we do the usual 'look back at the year' we should clock the amazing resilience and achievements in social care but also the continually 'reactive' nature of national leadership and the missed opportunity to get ahead and invest in social care, which is really about people.",Health
517,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
518,"""Galit ba sa Pilipino ang taong ito?""  This was the question posed by Lacson after Health Secretary said that a travel ban on the United Kingdom should only be considered once there is already a community transmission of the new coronavirus variant in the European country. ",Health
519,We are friends of Ate Lani  and we are running a donation drive for assistance in medical bills &amp; daily expenses.   For any help or donation you can send it via Gcash 09178863996 Emerson Molina or via  BPI 3469031852 Emerson Molina.   Thank you and God Bless 🙏,Health
520,"Finally Indian version of secularisation reaches Police, health and Govt schools.  Next what?  Only Muslim judges and lawyers in cases involving Muslims?  Hmm, Minority appeasement from an allegedly 'Hindu majoritarian communal party government' is necessary to win SABKA VISHWAS.",Health
521,COVID reveals the cracks in society. We can do so much better. ,Health
522,Treating endless COVID patients is demoralizing,Health
523,"Purpose, Gratitude, Health, Connection ",Health
524,"On Runa’s blog she said when the staff announced that she got solo performance, she chose that song without thinkin… ",Health
525,Health n strength,Health
526,MUST READ: Health Workers in South Africa Stretched Thin as Coronavirus Infections Near One Million ,Health
527,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
528,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ Kim Seokjin 2020 ",Health
529,First US case of gonorrhea with novel resistance gene identified in Nevada - The first case of Neisseria gonorrhoea… ,Health
530, thank you 🥺💜 wishing you good health and prosperity the upcoming year too 💜💜💜💜,Health
531,"     No shirt and shoes is an accepted guideline, which… ",Health
532,"Happy Birthday to our Heavenly Voice, STELL 🎂 Sending you all the best wishes for your health and success. Keep on shining! ✨ Enjoy your special day.  From SB19 and your ShowBT family!   Let's celebrate the #STELLshineDay ☀  #SB19 #SB19_STELL ",Health
533,"Why you shouldn’t make a 2021 New Year’s resolution, according to a psychologist – CNET ",Health
534, Haskins cant throw a football very well. At 100% health.  Hell I'd venture to say at 300% he doesnt… ,Health
535,We need a new health secretary.,Health
536,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ Kim Seokjin 2020 ",Health
537,i have such a crush on  it’s like dangerous to my health,Health
538,"If you have an appointment, or are concerned about the health of you or your baby over the festive season, just speak to your midwife or maternity team.   Your NHS is here to see you, safely.  ",Health
539,"#CrashPalace and #TheLastKnock #horror #podcast wishes you a #MerryChristmas #HappyHanukkah #HappyKwanzaa Happy #WinterSolstice #HappyFestivus - and if you're not celebrating anything, a very #HappyFriday!  Much love, peace, and great health to you and yours! ",Health
540,Good News About the Coronavirus Vaccine Is Becoming Contagious ,Health
541,"The Universe is within you, and by its very nature it is for you, wanting you to have more life, more health, more love, and…",Health
542,"A travel ban on the United Kingdom should only be considered once there is already a community transmission of the new coronavirus variant in the European country, Health Secretary Francisco Duque said. |  ",Health
543,"Spots filling fast for Winter Training starting Sun 1/3 Waldwick, NJ! Limited Capacity, Strict Health Protocols, register  💪🏻🏈💯 ",Health
544,not the secretary of health nOT caring about OUR HEALTH  ONE MORE FUCKING TIME DUQUE #DuqueResign ,Health
545,  To you think that being in a state of Ketosis is the same as consuming exogenous ketones?   Wo… ,Health
546,"tw // death , mental health problems   consider how many artists have died under sm’s management.. they did not k w… ",Health
547,My Christmas Wish for the past 5 years:  #NikolaTesla   #medbeds #NesaraGesara  #Nesara   For All~,Health
548,"Seokjin ""If you know how to deal with your mental health, it's fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don't, I think it's good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it""   The way Seokjin is so understanding on different povs and wise. 😭 ",Health
549,Sharing item 'Beauty hacks for every girl to look gorgeous ( Top-14)' in list 'Health Blogs with CommentLuv Enabled… ,Health
550, we literally are doomed &amp; it sucks bc i personally found out about this like 3-4 years ago &amp; i’m sure… ,Health
551,A new President and a new set of representatives that could reflect voices of masses.,Health
552,"This is what happens when, instead of telling the truth, you shade it to manipulate the public. As a result, you lose credibility and your advice and warnings go unheeded.",Health
553,"We have not been informed formally of suspension of campaigns in key districts/cities. We shall therefore treat the rumour below with the contempt it deserves. We are continuing with our campaigns in Masaka, and we shall also campaign in Jinja tomorrow, without fail.",Health
554,"Veteran and Family Receive Mortgage-Free Home for Christmas    This is such a blessing for this Purple Heart veteran, Clint Myatt, wife Jacki and 6 kids.  There was new furniture, house full of groceries &amp; presents.  That you sir for your service!",Health
555," Peace, harmony, good health and happiness all year round",Health
556,Public health experts have been saying this for almost a year: We won't be able to get COVID-19 under control in our communities until we STOP the spread in jails. ,Health
557,"Every citizen of UT of J&amp;K has a health insurance now at the cost of goverment. This is besides free health care in government hospitals. A huge scheme with few precedents in the world,thanks to our Govt.  Jai Hind.",Health
558,The ground-breaking today of many projects in Chakwal by Prime Minister Imran Khan includes a 500 bedded DHQ hospital costing over 750 crores which will help fill in the void of health facilities in the area.,Health
559,2021 intentions 🤍✨  • good health • a positive mindset • success in abundance • financial stability • healthy relationships • meaningful connection • spiritual growth,Health
560,"#SEHAT Scheme, a glorious chapter of J&amp;K's history: PM-JAY SEHAT to extend #health coverage to all residents of Union Territory.   ",Health
561,"Merry Christmas everyone!!!✨🎊  2021 will be a year of many blessings, answered prayers, good health, opportunities… ",Health
562,"Official numbers still farcically low, about 1K infections and 50 deaths. Reality is: hundreds of deaths everyday. Hospitals are flooded. Sisi‘s govt main concern is to “appear in control” rather than to actually control the virus spread.",Health
563,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
564,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself,”   “But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it.”  KIM SEOKJIN REALLY SPEAKS COMFORT 😭",Health
565,"Jin about the release of ""Abyss""   “If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself,” Jin said. “But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it.”  🖇️ ",Health
566,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ Kim Seokjin 2020 ",Health
567,"Best of NLA: Icosapent ethyl in COVID-19, dyslipidemia in pregnant women and more - The virtual National Lipid Asso… ",Health
568,y shift not is bas for health part 1 u do not get to see adorable in person which bad pls no..........,Health
569,"In addition to Speed up access to COVID-19 management, other #globalhealth focused in 2021 are #healthequity,… ",Health
570,"I know who needs to hear this but I’ll say it out loud anyway: you vaccinate health care workers first because hospitals fall apart in a surge, not because you think it’s nice to vaccinate health care workers.",Health
571, Debbie downer trying to cause more mental health problems by putting more fear into people’s lives esp… ,Health
572,"France Forced To Postpone ""Health Dictatorship"" Vaccine Legislation - #News - ",Health
573,"""every healthcare worker I know is enduring significant psychological distress from the callousness we perceive around us in the world, the oath we have taken to maintain compassion in the face of it all, and the crisis of reconciling these two realities."" ",Health
574,"Time spent outdoors can benefit our mental health. “Just like physical health, we all have mental health and we need to do what we can to protect, maintain, and improve it,” said CMHA-NL CEO John Abbott. Visit  for more tips and resources.  ",Health
575,"Hon'ble Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi launches AB PMJAY-SEHAT today. Now with an annual  health cover of Rs.5 lakh per family on a floater basis, every single person of J&amp;K will get free medical treatment. Bimar na rahega ab laachar Bimari ka hoga muft upchaar",Health
576,"NFHS 2019-20 data - some believe health &amp; welfare of Indian population has worsened over the last five years, co-incidentally those with Modi as PM. A closer perusal of the data suggests that welfare has improved, and by large margins. ",Health
577,"🐹: if you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself, but if you don’t, i think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it. ",Health
578,"Dr. Fauci admitted lying to the American people about masks, in order to conserve them for health workers. He has now admitted lying about the herd immunity threshold, so that we would be more likely to get vaccinated. What else is he lying to us about?",Health
579, One Minnesota: In death and in health.,Health
580,We need a new health secretary.,Health
581,i lost my mental health,Health
582,Many light smokers - those who smoke one to four cigarettes per day or fewer - meet the criteria for nicotine addic… ,Health
583,"• Wishing everyone everywhere greetings, best wishes, good health and happiness. Flaxroots - Writing from New Zealand. It's easy to make an author happy. If you've read a book and enjoyed it, please post a short review. Goodreads or at Amazon Thank you.  ",Health
584,"Donald Trump promised that Mexico would pay for the wall. Nope.  Donald Trump promised a new health care plan in 2 weeks. Nope.  And now he can't deliver the $2,000 to people in desperate need.  How many times does he have to lie before his cult realizes this is a one big con?",Health
585,Are you Business owner and want to advetise your busienss like this then google this keyword - khojinINDIA and regi… ,Health
586,not the secretary of health nOT caring about OUR HEALTH  ONE MORE FUCKING TIME DUQUE #DuqueResign ,Health
587,Dr. Alexander appeared to issue public health guidance based on whatever fiction would win Trump’s favor rather than science-based facts. He even urged agency officials to modify reports he perceived as damaging to Trump. We launched an investigation. ,Health
588,Vaccinated health workers must navigate another new normal: households in which not all family members are immunized ,Health
589,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
590, SIGN: Make clear to NC elected officials that #NoEvictionIsEssential when communities are h… ,Health
591,“In the news today: Normal human behavior demonized by whiny journalists”,Health
592,WE DESERVE A BETTER SECRETARY OF HEALTH.  Incompetence kills.,Health
593,Happy 18th second birthday  !,Health
594,Law of Attraction: 2021 will be the year of many blessings and good health. ✨,Health
595,"It’s kind of an issue that y’all think ppl complete suicide simply because no one is “listening” to them and checking on them is all they need. It’s time we move past that. People often need resources, MONEY, proper healthcare, stable housing, mental health care etc",Health
596,"It's Saturday, December 26, 2020 and   is still the most incompetent, unqualified, inept, unsuitable, pathetic, inadequate, amateurish, unskilled, unproficient, substandard, useless, unstable, half-arsed poor excuse for a TyRANNY health secretary in Pennsylvania.",Health
597,not the secretary of health nOT caring about OUR HEALTH  ONE MORE FUCKING TIME DUQUE #DuqueResign ,Health
598,#COVID19 continues to spread to mink farms in 🇪🇺 and poses a serious risk to public health. The EU must give a strong response! Read   joint open letter to   ▶️ #StopDeadlyFur #MakeFurHistory ,Health
599,   We are talking about post abuse treatment here. People like you love to make othe… ,Health
600,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
601,"“If you know how to deal with your mental health, it’s fine to keep it to yourself. But if you don’t, I think it’s good you open up because you might have someone around you who knows how to handle it."" ㅡ 201226, Kim Seokjin ",Health
602,"""If u know how to deal with ur mental health, it's fine to keep it to urself, but if u dont, i think it’s good u open up. bcs u might have someone around u who knows how to handle it.""-JIN 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 #방탄소년단진 #BTSJIN #진  ",Health
603,Looking to promote your business online? The Green Mine Team is now on Fiverr and providing Ads for your social med… ,Marketing
604,The latest The  Daily!  Thanks to  #cloudsolutions #marketing,Marketing
605,Is your #marketing plan adequate or awesome These Top 10 #B2B and B2C marketing strategies will land you more leads and grow your business.   via ,Marketing
606,She don’t know who is giving her land.🤣😂😂😂  Jagan will kill his marketing team if he see this video. 😂😂😂😂 ,Marketing
607,"Lmao bruhhhh, I’m still going to see it because the marketing got me hooked but hearing people’s thoughts idk man l… ",Marketing
608,Join the NFM team! See our latest job opening here:  #NFMFam #Marketing,Marketing
609,Good project,Marketing
610,#affiliatemarketing #affiliate #travel #tourism #affiliatelink #marketing #networking   #bitcoin #earnmoney Get your project done with freelance services for your business ,Marketing
611,🛠Most Effective Marketing Tools for Instagramy     ,Marketing
612,"FSCC coin marketing Airdrop   1.Follow twitter     2.Join in Telegram:    3.retweet and put finexbox account id in comment  $10 dollar FSCC for a person who newly follows FSCC telegram and twitter both (first come, first served basis).  #Giveaway ",Marketing
613,"Affiliate marketing is a wonderful way to make some side money in addition to your current income, or given enough time and effort, is even a #affiliatemarketing #passiveincome #makemoneyonline #makemoneyfromhome #financialfreedom #financialindependence  ",Marketing
614,"FSCC coin marketing Airdrop   1.Follow twitter     2.Join in Telegram:    3.retweet and put finexbox account id in comment  $10 dollar FSCC for a person who newly follows FSCC telegram and twitter both (first come, first served basis).  #Giveaway ",Marketing
615,also the galaxy brain at KFC marketing has done it again. This man is an inspiration 🤯,Marketing
616,Yo Joe. You only know about my Facebook page because I drove you to it when I did the marketing to millions of Amer… ,Marketing
617,#affiliatemarketing #affiliate #travel #tourism #affiliatelink #marketing #networking   #bitcoin #makemoneyonline #gift #shopping #gifts #onlineshopping Get free shipping on purchases over $25 at #Amazon ,Marketing
618,This is what happens when you support #startups or #smallbusiness   via    #BoxingDay #SmallBiz #tech #startup #womenintech #femtech #marketing #coding #programming #datascience #100DaysOfcode #bouncebacknow #growthmindset #socialmedia #DEVCommunity ,Marketing
619,"Check out my Service on Fiverr,  You will definitely like the quality and the prices of my services. Just click &amp; w… ",Marketing
620,Introduction to Email Marketing:  #internetmarketing #affiliatemarketing #emailmarketing,Marketing
621,Why Do Most Digital Marketing Strategies Fail?  #SimSof #SocialMediaMarketing… ,Marketing
622,Why Do Most Digital Marketing Strategies Fail?  #SimSof #SocialMediaMarketing… ,Marketing
623,RT  How to Get Featured in Forbes   #Marketing,Marketing
624,"'In order to succeed and create a social media marketing strategy that keeps your audience engaged and growing, as well as increasing your conversion rates, you need to make sure you avoid these 5 common #SMM mistakes' via    #DigitalMarketing   ",Marketing
625,"Our clients sometimes wonder, why they need video marketing? Video marketing is not only a proven way to boost traf… ",Marketing
626,"#selfemploy #selfemployed #independent #marketing  #Amazon  #amazon Save 15% on Sandals when you spend over $75, Us… ",Marketing
627,"I lost my job some weeks ago due to a re-org. I freaked out at first, but I knew it was time to level up and only do work that truly resonates with me. Today, I just signed an offer letter. At a Black-owned company. Leading marketing. This is the best Christmas ever.",Marketing
628,How to Use SMS Marketing to Create a Proper Business Communication Plan  #TextMarketing #SMS #SMSPlatform,Marketing
629,  Yeah 😊... Me I'm here doing marketing 😂.,Marketing
630,#visualcontenting #contentmarketing #socialmedia #seo Tips to Create an Effective Influencer Outreach  #marketing,Marketing
631,#visualcontenting #contentmarketing #socialmedia #seo 5 Business Trends that Reveal the Value of Online #Marketing ,Marketing
632,Noted,Marketing
633,Save money promoting your business with these marketing tips. We love tip 22 - it works like a charm!  via:… ,Marketing
634,"FSCC coin marketing Airdrop   1.Follow twitter     2.Join in Telegram:    3.retweet and put finexbox account id in comment  $10 dollar FSCC for a person who newly follows FSCC telegram and twitter both (first come, first served basis).  #Giveaway ",Marketing
635,Email Marketing Glossary . .  . . #Email #EmailList #DigitalMarketing #outbound #marketing #glossary #learning #EarnMoneyOnline #SEO #sidehustle,Marketing
636,5 Ways #AI Elevates #Marketing Automation🤖  📝Optimise CTR 📝Identify the Right Leads 📝Create #Content Effectively  📝Select the Right Visual Content 📝Enhance UX  Via:    Visit us at  more marketing #infographics ,Marketing
637,How I Changed Career From Marketing to Software Engineering by  in  ,Marketing
638,"Our Amazon CloudFront stats for November 1st, 2020 — December 1st, 2020 show we had a total of 34.7971 Million HTTPS Requests to . Yes, you read that right and we haven't even begun marketing yet... Very few #blockchain projects compare to these stats... ",Marketing
639,5 Tips for Killer Social Media Marketing Strategy #DigitalMarketing #digital #marketing via  ,Marketing
640,"If #AHS is airing in the fall again, I fear we won’t have any official news for another 4 or 5 months... that’s hop… ",Marketing
641,MSP Operations during Kharif Marketing Season 2020-21  Paddy Procurement shows increase of 24.91 % over last year… ,Marketing
642, I have created this tool as a community give back. A contribution to the marketers entrepreneurs an… ,Marketing
643,  Elevate your sale with Email Marketing!!!Kindly click those links⬇️ TO ORDER… ,Marketing
644,"Did you know?  As well as being a doctor, the Latin American revolutionary Che Guevara was also an an expert in promotion?  The astute licensing of his image to a t-shirt manufacturer just before his death led to the coining of the phrase 'guerrilla marketing'.",Marketing
645,"If you're looking out for a side income business to start in 2021, Affiliate Marketing is one you should consider.  See ehn, I know what am saying o 😂. If you've been playing on Clickbank , warrior plus and Jvzoo levels, try out a Nigerian based system like Expertnaire also.",Marketing
646,"Marketing Manager, Seattle - ",Marketing
647, Exactly Work harder and smarter 🙌 Go digital Come into Expertnaire affiliate marketing(best affiliate marketing in Nigeria) .... Chat me up for more info,Marketing
648,#WeNeedJTupdate movie shoot completed but promotion bill in this time sneak peak pics etc release for hype... Don't know marketing to u #JagameThandhiram,Marketing
649,#SEO #Ranking #Search #Marketing 🤞 The Best Web Platform for SEO ,Marketing
650,   Actually United are everywhere compared to any teams. But in term of sporting ter… ,Marketing
651,"Tricks &amp; Tips about SMM  Social media marketing engages the victimisation of social platforms as channels for audience increasing, driving website traffic, and growing sales. via     Get Details:😍👉   #SMM #smmtips #SocialMedia  #SMMSPORT ",Marketing
652,"This is the Covid response report of Punjab Govt. On page 334 the report says “opening up of agricultural marketing beyond APMCs to increase the scope of selling farmer produce.”   In September, Punjab Chief Secy said these reforms must be implemented. #FarmBills2020 ",Marketing
653,The Basic Steps To Better Social Media Marketing ,Marketing
654,The latest Immaculate Marketing Mashup!  #realtor #socialmediamarketing,Marketing
655,"We Want To Let The World Know Who You Are!                The best books by the best authors        Can Be Found At                                   Come Join US!  #AuthorUpROAR #Sales   , ",Marketing
656,"Something they did not teach at management colleges too, Pandey' s marketing trick to get that cool candid look of the artist 😀 #sidharthshukla #paptalk ",Marketing
657,  None of the med students I taught was required to take a course in nutrition; it's not surpri… ,Marketing
658,"Something they did not teach at management colleges too, Pandey' s marketing trick to get that cool candid look of the artist 😀 #sidharthshukla #paptalk ",Marketing
659,"With improved technology and readily available internet, it’s now becoming easier to run digital or traditional mar… ",Marketing
660,About to Kick more A** in CODMW. cross play info on IG. ill Own you when I see you ! lol lets GO!!! #Gamer #gaming… ,Marketing
661,"At SEJ eSummit, you'll learn how to build new content strategies that convert to sales, plus actionable advice from the leading content marketing pros. via : ",Marketing
662," Marketing my company. I put up enough ads to keep my name out there, but I refuse to go all in wit… ",Marketing
663,About to Kick more A** in CODMW. cross play info on IG. ill Own you when I see you ! lol lets GO!!! #Gamer #gaming #CallofDuty #online #Crossplay #xbox #playstation #rap #hipHop #rnb #influencer #music #Studio #media #radio #podcast #hollywood #photography #Marketing #eSports,Marketing
664,Look For Brand Buy In - 2021,Marketing
665,Mela Ventures and Marketing team here is something to work on...    and Parthasarathy N.S. ,Marketing
666, Branding and Marketing,Marketing
667,Marketing job advice needed ,Marketing
668,Directory website - marketing question ,Marketing
669,Centurio Marketing video   #centurio ,Marketing
670,"I lost my job some weeks ago due to a re-org. I freaked out at first, but I knew it was time to level up and only do work that truly resonates with me. Today, I just signed an offer letter. At a Black-owned company. Leading marketing. This is the best Christmas ever.",Marketing
671," when pogba gets out of this club, we will win trophies. five years, three positions and beefed with tw… ",Marketing
672,"FSCC coin marketing Airdrop   1.Follow twitter     2.Join in Telegram:    3.retweet and put finexbox account id in comment  $10 dollar FSCC for a person who newly follows FSCC telegram and twitter both (first come, first served basis).  #Giveaway ",Marketing
673,Thanks in advance   Telegram:   Twitter :     Finebox ID: 530477,Marketing
674,So true. #SmallBusinesses #SupportSmallBusinesses,Marketing
675,She don’t know who is giving her land.🤣😂😂😂  Jagan will kill his marketing team if he see this video. 😂😂😂😂 ,Marketing
676,"Omo the same 40k you used in registering for tradera is the same 40k I used to register for affiliate marketing.  Guess who is cashing out every Friday?  80+, 100+, some made more in months. Has to be the best decision I made this year.",Marketing
677,The latest The Marketing Daily!  Thanks to  #marketing #frizemedia,Marketing
678,"The barrier for entry is low, and the potential for income growth is high. Beyond code, it's design and marketing too.   The internet will save us.",Marketing
679,The latest The Start A Side Hustle Daily!  Thanks to  #marketing #jaxenter,Marketing
680,"Something they did not teach at management colleges too, Pandey' s marketing trick to get that cool candid look of the artist 😀 #sidharthshukla #paptalk ",Marketing
681,How to Create a Digital Marketing Strategy Don Connelly &amp; Associates  ,Marketing
682,Worldwide coordinated marketing campaign. In hospitals. Fake science. Fake hospitals. Fake actors. Fake pandemics. ,Marketing
683,"How Social Media Marketing Can Get Your Business Ahead  TIP! No matter if you are creating a tweet, a blog post or… ",Marketing
684,  How to earn money from Digital Marketing | Digital Marketing Specialist | Freelancing | SEO… ,Marketing
685,        … ,Marketing
686,The bill on Agriculture market seeks to allow farmers to sell their produce outside Agricultural Produce Marketing… ,Marketing
687,A Quick Guide to Google Maps Marketing - Martin Woods  ,Marketing
688,Top 2 Reasons to Hire a Digital Marketing Agency  ,Marketing
689, I wish you the same.  We should get together and discuss legal marketing at your leisure.,Marketing
690,"With improved technology and readily available internet, it’s now becoming easier to run digital or traditional mar… ",Marketing
691," At some point I planned to deactivate my Facebook account, the issue is that I can't afford to lose… ",Marketing
692,"FSCC coin marketing Airdrop   1.Follow twitter     2.Join in Telegram:    3.retweet and put finexbox account id in comment  $10 dollar FSCC for a person who newly follows FSCC telegram and twitter both (first come, first served basis).  #Giveaway ",Marketing
693,Do you live in digital marketing? So do we! Amazon Advertising is here to help you grow your brand and business. Follow …,Marketing
694,"I lost my job some weeks ago due to a re-org. I freaked out at first, but I knew it was time to level up and only do work that truly resonates with me. Today, I just signed an offer letter. At a Black-owned company. Leading marketing. This is the best Christmas ever.",Marketing
695,What's Your Headline for 2021? #Newyear2021 #ContentMarketing #Marketing #DigitalMarketingStrategy #socialmedia #socialmediamarketing #digitalmarketing #onlinemarketing #marketingtips #seo #onlinebusiness #affiliatemarketing ,Marketing
696,"Check out my Service on Fiverr,  You will definitely like the quality and the prices of my services. Just click &amp; w… ",Marketing
697,  hospitals  clinical trials for CoViD vaccination are on ! Recommended to participate so that clinical trials final report may give regulators  confidence to issue marketing authorisation to start vaccinations India #FightagainstCovid ,Marketing
698,Marketing guna nama agama need to be stop.,Marketing
699,5 Tips for Killer Social Media Marketing Strategy #DigitalMarketing #digital #marketing via  ,Marketing
700,A combination of #marketing #science #Economics #healthcare at its best - super nice example by  and… ,Marketing
701,network marketing pvt ltd sampark kare income h bharosa rakhe logo ko bhi join karo 7393058257,Marketing
702,WAYS TO USE VIDEO STORYTELLING IN YOUR TOURISM MEDIA MARKETING  #Tourism #tourismmarketing… ,Marketing
703,5 Tips for Killer Social Media Marketing Strategy #DigitalMarketing #digital #marketing via  ,Marketing
704, I have created this tool as a community give back. A contribution to the marketers entrepreneurs a… ,Marketing
705,A combination of #marketing #science #Economics #healthcare at its best - super nice example by  and friends to let marketing concepts shine ,Marketing
706,The latest The network marketing Daily!  Thanks to   #pmcares,Marketing
707,"Let us put content in your website, blogs and we can make a marketing strategy that will boost your business. Send… ",Marketing
708," #dead, #prison or sectioned... problem solved. #clever #thinking  Getting away with it. An… ",Marketing
709," #dead, #prison or sectioned... problem solved. #clever #thinking  Getting away with it. An #Anonymous #Twitter #trolls #operation  #MentalHealthAwareness   Making it up.    #bullying   #antibullying  #Marketing",Marketing
710,"Trace a real or hypothetical new product through the steps in the new  product development process, including idea ",Marketing
711,"just realised they probably didn't call it Wonder Woman 2 because ""WW2"" isn't particularly helpful for the marketing campaign",Marketing
712,Hey!...   Overwhelmed by too many assignments and probably need help? Pay us for:  Criminal &amp; civil law Industry an… ,Marketing
713," It’s all about the sugar and carbs.  Eventually it caught up to them as well, all the fast food, processed fo… ",Marketing
714,The time is here! It takes minutes to setup AIMI app on your smartphone. Then watch AI create your entire month's s… ,Marketing
715,There’s a science and art to designing effective #Research instruments. How to design an effective… ,Marketing
716,"      the reason is simple, the game grew bi… ",Marketing
717,Want to Learn 10 Ways For Any Business To Easily Make More Money? Get my Amazon Best Seller for free today… ,Marketing
718,"For me, #B2B marketing is more complex than consumer marketing. It's richer, it's broader and it's more difficult t… ",Marketing
719,#affiliatemarketing #affiliate #socialmedia #marketing #networking #network #twitter #makemoneyonline #gift… ,Marketing
720,#WeNeedJTupdate movie shoot completed but promotion bill in this time sneak peak pics etc release for hype... Don't know marketing to u #JagameThandhiram,Marketing
721,Are you using automation in your social media marketing? Which tools do you use? Any more we should put on this lis… ,Marketing
722,#digitalmarketing #marketing #amazon #affiliateprogram   Webtalk shares part of its revenue with all members and af… ,Marketing
723,"Unique opportunity for a Lead Consultant / Account Manager to work for this vibrant, creative marketing agency. Do… ",Marketing
724,"RONALD T. O’CONNOR, APR  UNITED STATES ARMY VETERAN THE JOINT STAFF ALSO KNOWN AS JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF. OFFICE OF THE JOINT STAFF PERSONNEL MEMBER. O’CONNOR &amp; PARTNERS, INC. PUBLIC RELATIONS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND MARKETING.  DEALS WITH PUBLIC RELATIONS GLOBAL NETWORK. ",Marketing
725,music pals does anybody wanna help me with a strumming pattern,Music
726,iTunes US  #38. Dynamite (+34)  ,Music
727,'London calling to the faraway towns': How British music changed this American's life | Geoffrey Kabaservice ,Music
728,Rediscovered my old playlist 🔥🔥🔥  ,Music
729,Artist who listens to boss battle music while drawing the difficult parts,Music
730,Night and Morning  via ,Music
731,My Kind Of Music! Dug! Dug! 🌻🏖💛 ,Music
732,They really truly did. They saved lives.,Music
733,Gas OR Trash Music Reviews with Jason Dubbs  via   #DubbleDareU,Music
734,All classic music hits rock pop latino #np Didjital Vibrations by Jamiroquai on  ,Music
735,"Jin about the release of Abyss: ""I don’t know if it was hard to share this. I think music is just another form of expression. If I hadn’t written the text on the blog, I think people might have only guessed I was in such a state."" ",Music
736,"✯ JUAL APLIKASI PREMIUM ✯  • netflix       • spotify  • viu             • apple music  • youtube    • canva  , and… ",Music
737,"Taylor Swift, an artist who has the most awarded country album in history and “has achieved both national and international prominence through at levels unique in country music,” is having her spot on the legends corner mural given to Brad Paisley and for what??? ",Music
738,"'ACTS OF HEROISM' These Nashville police officers ran into danger and evacuated residents before an RV explosion downtown, saving lives. “These officers didn’t care about themselves...They cared about the citizens of Nashville."" ",Music
739,"Good morning ponies, I warn you that I am not playing my violin but I am listening to it from my phonograph  ",Music
740,"Cancel me idc, 2nd generation kpop was the best era in kpop  There were no competition for streaming like now,no complains over idols as in he did this &amp; that etc  The only thing we did, enjoy the music,sang wrong lyrics w/o gettin called fake fans.That was the fan life i need",Music
741, He didn’t even make Rolling Stones top 500 of all times let alone 2020 top 100😂 Someone needs to g… ,Music
742,Check out Lull Hazy Vision  👇🔥👇🔥  👆🔥👆🔥 #COVID19 #viral #newmusic #SoundCloud #tiktokleaked… ,Music
743,currently playing: Turn Me On by Riton X Oliver Heldens Feat. Vula -listen to similar things on:… ,Music
744,Santigold - Chasing Shadows (Official Music Video) ,Music
745, The album already out...it's on all music platforms,Music
746,Yoongi has stated that he wants to give people hope through his music. Reducing his lyricism to diss tracks gives the wrong idea of his personality and it’s clearly not something he wants,Music
747,hwang hyunjin don't make me edit another video of you with kai's mmmh music.. dont-,Music
748,Producer Matt &amp; I have a brand new home on a Friday Evening with our ‘It’s The Weekend’ show Bringing you the best mix of music! All Genres/Decades.  Request your favourite  classic hits to kick start your weekend! We have great fun 🎤🎧🎸🎶🎵 ,Music
749,Just listened to this...another wacky but brilliant  / production!  Bravo all.  Highly recommended Boxing Day viewing - 10 mins of fun and fine music. And much smarter dressed hunters than we see round here! ,Music
750," I can use the Spotify app to turn on my ps5, but it won’t connect and play music unless I use the c… ",Music
751,"Travis Scott's music ain't for me, I can't stand that much autotune.",Music
752,"Musicares Charity Auction - BTS Dynamite Music Video Worn Ensembles 🎧  CURRENT BID: $17,500 (2 bids) 🔥 ESTIMATE: $20,000 - $40,000 STARTING: $5,000 ",Music
753,It’s not just about Sehun and Chanyeol not being part of the new SMTown concert line up. It’s about how EXO-SC doesn’t get treated like other EM artists. They didn’t get a SM The Stage performance. They don’t have music shows. Other SM artists didn’t even do 1BV phone challenge..,Music
754,"Barn upgrades completed!! Ready for some good friends, hot fires, and great music!! ",Music
755,"[VOTE] 30th Seoul Music Awards🏆 - Don't forget to cast your daily votes and let's aim for 1st spot on KWave Popularity(focus)✊  D - 29⚠️  1️⃣ K-Wave Popularity #2nd - #EXO Gap: 188,398‼ 100% votings!  2️⃣ Main #15th - #BAEKHYUN 40% committee 30% sales, votes  #엑소  ",Music
756,"✯ JUAL APLIKASI PREMIUM ✯  • netflix       • spotify  • viu             • apple music  • youtube    • canva  , and… ",Music
757,#4 Lisa 🔥 IG Most Influence worldwide list [Music category] for december month✨🖤  #LISA ,Music
758,"Best selling pure albums of 2020 so far (US) #1 folklore #2 MAP OF THE SOUL: 7 #3 After Hours #4 Fine Line #5 Chromatica #6 WHEN WE ALL FALL ASLEEP, WHERE DO WE GO? #7 Legends Never Die #8 MANIC #9 Here and Now #10 Neo Zone - The 2nd Album #11 Music to Be Murdered By #12 BE",Music
759,models should be thankful that Taeyong chose music ; a needed thread ,Music
760,"“I don’t think our music or performance has been limited, but it’s just the way we deliver the best performance that has changed."" ㅡ Kim Taehyung 2020",Music
761,List of EXO-SC mistreatment   • No Music Shows EVER  • No Promotions (playing LOL with fans is not a promotion) • No content during their comeback  • Making Sehun delete his TikTok account • Rejecting many Chanyeol's songs and ideas during years  #EXO_SC_DESERVEBETTER,Music
762,I really hope he knows that he really made this his year. No we didn't get his solo but I've never felt so happy and satisfied as a yoon stan than this year. He gave us continuous contents from start to finish. He made me very happy this year.,Music
763,"🚨| SEOUL MUSIC AWARD [D-29]   5 MINUTES LEFT BEFORE RESET. #ENGENEs, DROP IT ALL NOW AND DECREASE THE GAP. WE'RE IN DANGER❗❗  #ENHYPEN ",Music
764,"Finally the images of Yuzuru Hanyu's morning run-though are available and, for the first time, it is possible to listen to the entire ""Heaven and Earth"" music.  All four quadruple jumps were performed with high quality and also the triple axels.  ",Music
765,🧚‍♀️2010s Music🧚‍♀️ ,Music
766,NPR - no parental responsibility. No moral values either promoting such garbage camouflaged as music...,Music
767,"Who is the idol who can continue the nickname 'handsome face in the world of kpop'?  MH : TXT - Choi Soobin!  To: Soobin I hope you can keep your handsome face and have long activities as a cool musician, the leader of the kpop music industry. Hwaiting! ",Music
768, I really wish we could’ve had interviews and guest appearances by the voice actors (besides Matt obviou… ,Music
769,"I'm just here lying in bed next to my mom, wearing headphones and pretending not to hear my parents argue and tryin… ",Music
770,"On The Road With Al and Ivy: December 2020! Man From U.N.C.L.E., Puzo's Godfather, Dumas' Three Musketeers, Robin Hood, music business, Ali Campbell UB40, New illustrations and more!  ",Music
771, STREAM HEARTBREAK WEATHER Niall Horan Heartbreak Weather  Niall Horan Flicker Niall Horan Small Ta… ,Music
772,"Cancel me idc, 2nd generation kpop was the best era in kpop  There were no competition for streaming like now,no complains over idols as in he did this &amp; that etc  The only thing we did, enjoy the music,sang wrong lyrics w/o gettin called fake fans.That was the fan life i need",Music
773,"” Jin said. “I think music is just another form of expression. If I hadn’t written the text on the blog, I think people might have only guessed I was in such a state.”   () ",Music
774,"“i want people to know that, i'm not just a good looking rapper who raps because i can't sing, my passion for music is stronger than ever.”  Chanyeol 🥺 ",Music
775,"  Yes! I'm only one episode in and I must say it is a feast for the eyes! The costumes, the cast, the music!",Music
776, The ninth symphony's choral section sings about the unity of all humankind and there's no rape involved b… ,Music
777," My 5 year old liked it, but definitely didn’t “get it.” She liked that the cat talked, the animation, and the music.",Music
778,YALL THERE IS A SOUND ON TIKTOK WITH LGO MUSIC AND LOCALS LIKES IT AND ITS GOING VIRAL RN ,Music
779,"With the music have feeling of running,  the dance have young flessness and exhilaration. It reminds me painfulness… ",Music
780,"no promotion, no music shows, barely has live stages, no merchbot tweet about their solo works and now no concert stage? we just want what exo-sc deserves. RESPECT THEM AS AN ARTIST. STOP YOUR MISTREATMENT TOWARDS EXO-SC!   #EXO_SC_DESERVESBETTER",Music
781,I’m not ready to give up Christmas music.,Music
782,Well i really believe the fans deserve at least an official statement as to why exo-sc won't participate in SMTOWN concert. The lack of promotion and stages for EXO-SC has been getting quite baffling. Their music is so amazing and they deserve to be heard. #EXO_SC_DESERVEBETTER,Music
783,"2020 bday support PART 26  The Burj Khalifa  12.29 18:50 (Dubai Time, 23:50 KST)  Theme Song: Winter Bear By V  First support in the world’s tallest structure and the largest music fountain for a Kpop Star bday ad.  Happy 26th bday💜🎂       #KIMTAEHYUNG ",Music
784,"While we’re all in the mood &amp; full of the #BoxingDay joys, let me take you back to the start of the year when I brought you ‘Boys Will Be Boys’ #Christmas #SaturdayVibes #PartyStarters #music #EGMusic ✌🏻🎶💫🥂🎉   ",Music
785,lots of most iconic kpop songs didn't have a music show win but y'all arent ready for that conversation,Music
786, Chillhop or not I prefer some very low music in the background because plain talking gets boring. I li… ,Music
787,"'ACTS OF HEROISM' These Nashville police officers ran into danger and evacuated residents before an RV explosion downtown, saving lives. “These officers didn’t care about themselves...They cared about the citizens of Nashville."" ",Music
788,This guys day time job is to make music for kid’s birthday parties,Music
789,#Seventeen January Schedule  (23) APAN Music Awards (Online) Red Carpet 6PM Ceremony 8PM  (tba) The Late Late Show with James Corden ,Music
790,I literally screamed when i read that part... He has to know language is not a barrier and music indeed transcends… ,Music
791,"Can I just say I’m like super happy Jongho was able to be center for this music video, he’s such a amazing dancer 🥺💕",Music
792,"[SEOUL MUSIC AWARDS] 🎊 Mini Party Now 🎊  Currently: #1 TREASURE  &gt; The gap 13,553 ➡️ 2,348 votes 📉  Drop your votes on all your account!  🚨 Increase the gap. Create more account and do missions. Let's do our best‼ #TREASURE #트레저  ",Music
793,Artist who listens to boss battle music while drawing the difficult parts,Music
794,"""Music To Be Murdered By"" has now surpassed 1.5 BILLION streams on Spotify.  — It's Eminem's 7th album to do so! ",Music
795,"""Bolingo"" means ""love"" in Lingala.  That's why you hear a lot of ""bolingo"" in Congolese Soukous.  Apart from Ndi Igbo and Jos people, who else really likes ""Congo Music"" in Nigeria?",Music
796,"“i want people to know that, i'm not just a good looking rapper who raps because i can't sing, my passion for music is stronger than ever.”  Chanyeol 🥺 ",Music
797,"'ACTS OF HEROISM' These Nashville police officers ran into danger and evacuated residents before an RV explosion downtown, saving lives. “These officers didn’t care about themselves...They cared about the citizens of Nashville."" ",Music
798,"Musicares Charity Auction - BTS Dynamite Music Video Worn Ensembles 🎧  CURRENT BID: $17,500 (2 bids) 🔥 ESTIMATE: $20,000 - $40,000 STARTING: $5,000 ",Music
799,"[APPLE MUSIC] #Eternal_Flame🎇 by PENTAGON is featured and now listed on ""KPOP Risers"" Playlist curated by     ▪️KPOP Risers :     #불꽃🎇 #펜타곤 ",Music
800,Get To Know : DOLLA❤️🧸 DOLLA is the newest Girl Group from Malaysia debuted on March 2020 through their debut single 'Dolla Make You Wanna' under Universal Music Malaysia   . ,Music
801,Disturbed  - The Sound Of Silence [Official Music Video] ,Music
802,       … ,Music
803,"201226 Seoul Music Awards Voting  Current gap: 85,382 votes  Your human alarm to vote is here~ 🥰 Please vote for Kyuhyun under Ballad category everyday as the gap is getting wider and wider.. 🙇🏻‍♀️💖  #서가대투표완료 #서가대투표인증샷이벤트 ",Music
804,"will I continue to listen to Christmas music for another month?? yes, yes I will 😁🎄",Music
805,Tw or cw // food and drinks  Time to blast some good 'ol medieval tavern music and try not to cry because I got mes… ,Music
806, ✯ JUAL APLIKASI PREMIUM ✯  • netflix       • spotify  • viu             • apple music  • youtube    • canv… ,Music
807,"“I don’t think our music or performance has been limited, but it’s just the way we deliver the best performance that has changed."" ㅡ Kim Taehyung 2020",Music
808,moas keep on voting as much as u can  Seoul Music Awards (SMA) 🔗 Golden Disk Awards (GDA) 🔗… ,Music
809,"🚨| SEOUL MUSIC AWARD [D-29]   5 MINUTES LEFT BEFORE RESET. #ENGENEs, DROP IT ALL NOW AND DECREASE THE GAP. WE'RE IN DANGER❗❗  #ENHYPEN ",Music
810, How many music edits did that take?,Music
811,Just posted a video  Beale Street Music Festival ,Music
812,"#DOYOUNG will be the 10th Special DJ for EBS Radio Gyeongcheong &lt;New Year Music Feel Club&gt;  YouTube LIVE: 12/29, 1PM KST  EBS 경청 Channel  Radio broadcast: 01/03, 7PM KST via FM 104.5MHz or EBS 반디 App ",Music
813,don’t you just love it when lia is happy and starts laughing? lia's laugh is music to our ears 🥰  ,Music
814,RYUJIN’s Wannabe Music Bank fancam has surpassed 1 MILLION VIEWS!  She’s the 4th generation idol with the most amount of fancams with 1M+ views (11 fancams)   🔗    #RYUJIN #류진  ,Music
815,I think that is the reason why I supported  to this extent. A first for me. I've always viewed them as true artists on how they carry themselves on stage. They exude passion in their performances that never disappoints. And they have always stayed true and humble.,Music
816,"mc hyunjin, you did well this year!! truly the best mc ever 🥰 and thank you to music core staff for always surprising hyunjin &amp; skz with cute events 🥺 here’s to more years of being a music core mc!!! ❤️ ",Music
817,iTunes UK 🇬🇧  #22. Positions (+7) #31. 34+35 (+2) #69. Rain On Me (+10) #115. Pov (+20)  ,Music
818,IZ*ONE Secret Story of the Swan throwback on Show Music Core today💗✨ ,Music
819,"[SEOUL MUSIC AWARDS] ""ROOKIE""   Mass Voting • 11:00 PM KST (ALL UNLOCKED)   🔓 7k GAP  🔓 6k GAP 🔓 5k GAP 🔓 4k GAP 🔓 3k GAP 🔓 2k GAP 🔓 1k GAP  LET'S LEAD IT NOW!   Do not be complacent     ",Music
820,    I'll delete my tweets &amp; account then. I'll also give you my address &amp;… ,Music
821,"This!!  Even streaming platforms knows the power lies with them Majors - ownership of catalog(music), if they don't… ",Music
822,MISSING YOU-  On 1 January. with a music video  and a visualiser 🕊🤍 ,Music
823,"Minhyuk plan next year was to put out a solo album,  Eunkwang: i hope to be featured in it Changsub: i’ll play the male role in the music video Eunkwang: then peuni will be the other male lead and you two will fall in love there’s Peniel be like: i’ll just cheer from the side 😂 ",Music
824,"It was also a busy year for us, we got so much Yoon content I could barely keep track! 💕 Grateful for everything he gave us in 2020, and looking forward to 2021.   We’ll be wherever you are, !",Music
825,Wait what i dont get it,Music
826,"2020 bday support PART 26  The Burj Khalifa  12.29 18:50 (Dubai Time, 23:50 KST)  Theme Song: Winter Bear By V  First support in the world’s tallest structure and the largest music fountain for a Kpop Star bday ad.  Happy 26th bday💜🎂       #KIMTAEHYUNG ",Music
827,"Meek Mill, Lil Baby, Lil Durk and 21 Savage want to create their own music streaming platform 🔥 ",Music
828,"""If you lose your faith, babe, you can have mine."" - poetry&amp;music helping me cope in these strange times … ",Music
829, STREAM HEARTBREAK WEATHER Niall Horan Heartbreak Weather  Niall Horan Flicker Niall Horan Small Ta… ,Music
830,"Now that Christmas is over, you might want to listen to The Next Track's episode about Christmas music.  ",Music
831,"Moonbyul is more than just the girl crush and the rapper of the group. She makes music to break barriers, to help other women to get to do what they wanted to do and to make sure people know their worth.   #MoonbyulIsTheMusic ",Music
832,Ok  I think you should have me in the Good Days music video,Music
833,Half an Orange 🍊🌻 Their music is beautiful and healing. ,Music
834,"""Music To Be Murdered By"" has now surpassed 1.5 BILLION streams on Spotify.  — It's Eminem's 7th album to do so! ",Music
835,YALL THERE IS A SOUND ON TIKTOK WITH LGO MUSIC AND LOCALS LIKES IT AND ITS GOING VIRAL RN ,Music
836,"Every time I ask my sister to be the DJ, 80% of the music are my tastes. It's so sweet and I'm such a good brother (for the guidance). 🤝 She's now playing Gentleman and KyMani Marley.",Music
837,sharing music is a huge love language for me,Music
838,"Happy birthday, rockstar !! Keep ruling the charts with your phenomenal music. Have a great day!! Stay safe 🤗 ",Music
839, Hi Everyone I'm an analyst with Q Balance looking to build a community of qualified investors for various… ,Music
840,"  Best song of the year is just one click before you .... As for me , I ""Say Yeah""..... Pro… ",Music
841,keyin QQ music comments for MatriX   🐯: sorry to keep you waiting~ handsome guy appears ,Music
842,Never Capped! 🙂🥶 ,Music
843,Yes... lol,Music
844,"“I don’t think our music or performance has been limited, but it’s just the way we deliver the best performance that has changed."" ㅡ Kim Taehyung 2020",Music
845,The Music Video For 's FEM Off His #ABetterTime Album Has Now Crossed 16 Million Views On Global Platform ,Music
846,"spent hours drawing this colossal titan with music on, fun, no stress at all and it turned out to be my most favorite drawing of this year ☺  #AttackOnTitan #illustration ",Music
847,"Who is the idol who can continue the nickname 'handsome face in the world of kpop'?  MH : TXT - Choi Soobin!  To: Soobin I hope you can keep your handsome face and have long activities as a cool musician, the leader of the kpop music industry. Hwaiting! ",Music
848, There's one street near me that does a really hardcore Christmas setup with music synced light shows… ,Music
849,"[SEOUL MUSIC AWARDS] 🎊 Mini Party Now 🎊  Currently: #1 TREASURE  &gt; The gap 13,553 ➡️ 2,348 votes 📉  Drop your votes on all your account!  🚨 Increase the gap. Create more account and do missions. Let's do our best‼ #TREASURE #트레저  ",Music
850,It’s not just about Sehun and Chanyeol not being part of the new SMTown concert line up. It’s about how EXO-SC doesn’t get treated like other EM artists. They didn’t get a SM The Stage performance. They don’t have music shows. Other SM artists didn’t even do 1BV phone challenge..,Music
851,#NowPlaying Viagra Boys - Sports listen loud at  God Bless yer Mom &amp; Long Live Rock N' Roll! #music,Music
852,NEW! For animal lovers of ALL ages ....My orig. music and story about a wonderful wombat named Wally....now on YT for your listening ...  ,Music
853, A short clip if you are sick of Christmas music and want to have something else stuck in your head all day.  You are welcome. (I am also sorry.) ,Music
854,My very last piece of 2020. ’ music has soundtracked so much of my life over the last 13 years — from my… ,Music
855,"BREAKING: A German, state-owned, bank just published a paper about bitcoin and how it's ""Designed as an ultra-hard type of money"".  Bitcoins game of musical chairs, and the music is about to stop playing.  No one wants to be left without a place to sit.  ",Music
856,Mood ,Music
857,Let’s have some fun... music that makes you feel good.  Me first:)  ,Music
858, about to record a music video witcha boyyy tuck 🔥,Music
859,  Fun pod as always Sam! Merry Christmas 🎄  Mariah Carey ❤️💚  Mariah Carey - Oh Santa! (Offi… ,Music
860,"Tyger, tyger, burning bright . . . Blake famously wrote music to go along with his poems—the originals have been lost, but this verse has been widely interpreted by musicians as well as repeated to many sleepy children.  Waiting to see No 1 #BB14TheRKVShow  ",Music
861,#NowPlaying #ListenLive on  Reckless by  #HandlingOurOwnDestinyZ  Buy song  ,Music
862,"[NAVER TRENDING] Both articles are trending in the ranking news by sympathy (Rank 🔺20th and 23rd).   • Continue supporting by engaging via Naver, react with the &lt;third&gt; emoji, recommend and share.   #SUPERFIVE #후이 #다섯장  #PENTAGON  ",Music
863,"[ GAON MUSIC AWARDS ]  MONSTA X is ONLY 400 votes away from #5. Use your tickets wisely!  📈Current: 9. MONSTA X - 1,124,419 votes  🔗  ⏰‼️19 HOURS LEFT   #MONSTAX #몬스타엑스 ",Music
864,"🏆 | “WAP” has earned podium positions at ’ 2020 Golden Bop Awards in all categories it was nominated:  🥉 Best UK Number One (18.25%) 🥉 Best Music Video (16.93%) 🥉 Best Song with Sample (17.50%)   — Congratulations,  &amp; ! 🎉 ",Music
865,Pause by Sammy and Plan   Then Mean's song will be having a Music Video!!  2021 be good to us!   2021: Okay here's some music video. 🤧  #AChanceToSingEP12,Music
866,"🚨SEOUL MUSIC AWARDS WHOSFANDOM TOP 4 VOTING 🗳   1.                     - 76.34% 2.  - 23.66% (52.68% gap 🚨)  ARMYs, this round will end tomorrow!! We still have huge gap with no 1!! Please take your time to vote!! 🥺💜 ",Music
867,"||Stolen||  ""The sound of your moans are music to my ears~"" ",Music
868,"Minhyuk plan next year was to put out a solo album,  Eunkwang: i hope to be featured in it Changsub: i’ll play the male role in the music video Eunkwang: then peuni will be the other male lead and you two will fall in love there’s Peniel be like: i’ll just cheer from the side 😂 ",Music
869,"""Life Goes On"" MV () has now surpassed 210 million views on YouTube!  Continue to consistently stream this MV for global charts and more music show wins!  #LifeGoesOnTo300M",Music
870,We need links to new music vids...share your link,Music
871,"We shared the story of our song “Life Goes On”, check it out now only on ! ",Music
872, ✯ JUAL APLIKASI PREMIUM ✯  • netflix       • spotify  • viu             • apple music  • youtube    • can… ,Music
873,"Sun Ra on playing ""wrong"" as a way to evade appropriation: ""Then there's music that's right on the beat. Well, white people can do that. If it's on the beat they got you, and say, 'Thats *my* stuff!'"" 👏🤣🚀 ",Music
874,Lmfao,Music
875,  Ykee I need ur help... My bro is an upcoming he has some good music can u give him a hand Mr President,Music
876,I LOVE THE STORY AND THE CAST AND THE MUSIC ALREADY SO MUCH HELP THIS SHOW IS GREAT #Bridgerton,Music
877, yuk buruan order app premium disini! dijamin ORI &amp; TRUSTED 100% 💓✨  t. jual netflix premium jual sp… ,Music
878,“Music always sounds better in a car.“,Music
879,music is lowkey therapy,Music
880,"We didn't reach 80m on yt for intro persona which was supposed to be his ""birthday goal"" and now its the least streamed song on mots. All this enthusiasm talking about his looks but where's the enthusiasm when it comes to supporting his music???",Music
881,"I made a tik tok on acrobat  😬🤸🏻  Posting it here but with no music, if you want you can go to my profile and leave a like:  ",Music
882,"I am on DreamSMP guys, it's official! (Just kidding... An irrelevant minecraft arsonist cannot be there!)  But on m… ",Music
883,#StayTuned ! Eeswaran Music🎶 &amp; Trailer Releasing Soon    #Suseinthiran          ,Music
884,his latest concern(?) was what direction to go w/ his music. he wasn't sure if ppl would prefer the kinds of songs he sang on 'koms' (rock ballad) or if he should go for a style he personally likes. but it's rare for him to come up w/ a ballad that he's rly satisfied with,Music
885,". broke enormous records in the past 24 hours and week as a whole, congratulations on being the first music act in history to hit 80+ Million monthly listeners, being the female artist with most songs over 100 Million streams and much more, merry christmas! 🤍 ",Music
886,[ High1 Seoul Music Awards ]   (MAIN/BONSANG) #13    📢Blinks! Make sure to drop your votes on SMA under MAIN category before reset. We need to be INSIDE OF TOP 12 until the last day of voting.   FOCUS ON MAIN CATEGORY,Music
887,I KNOW THE PEICES FIT....N I'LL FUCKING MAKE SURE THEY DO!!! ❤❤🌺🌺Phoenix ,Music
888,Artist who listens to boss battle music while drawing the difficult parts,Music
889,Most viewed  music videos in the past 24h ,Music
890,YALL THERE IS A SOUND ON TIKTOK WITH LGO MUSIC AND LOCALS LIKES IT AND ITS GOING VIRAL RN ,Music
891,"I’ve found a lot of comfort making completely improvised ambient music during the pandemic + thought it might be an interesting project to document it. Its now out as an album today, as i know many of us are isolated and struggle through the holidays.  ",Music
892,STREAM HEARTBREAK WEATHER Niall Horan Heartbreak Weather  Niall Horan Flicker Niall Horan Small Talk   Niall… ,Music
893, | Music | 2021 Review  #trackerreview #ihexclusive #latest,Music
894,"#DOYOUNG will be the 10th Special DJ for EBS Radio Gyeongcheong &lt;New Year Music Feel Club&gt;  YouTube LIVE: 12/29, 1PM KST  EBS 경청 Channel  Radio broadcast: 01/03, 7PM KST via FM 104.5MHz or EBS 반디 App ",Music
895,  Lots of people would agree. But I think the reason he came was because of that specifi… ,Music
896,#AddYourPlaylist This music will heal you: Relieve Stress Melody (Relaxation Music &amp; 9 Hz Alpha Waves)… ,Music
897,"""Music To Be Murdered By"" has now surpassed 1.5 BILLION streams on Spotify.  — It's Eminem's 7th album to do so! ",Music
898,SO mentioned making a music actualizer for the game he's trying to make rn and mentioned making me one and if it wo… ,Music
899,"""Music over bullsh*t..and the truth is you never wanna dare me"" ...❤️ Icons keep F O C U S  #IconsRapBattleFinale",Music
900,"🚨| SEOUL MUSIC AWARD [D-32]   Category: Rookie Of The Year As of 11:40 PM KST  #1  (+2,268)                         42.4% #2     42.4%  WE'RE BACK AT SECOND PLACE AGAIN AFTER TAKING THE LEAD FOR MINUTES. PLS #ENGENEs, CONTINUE COLLECTING VTs AND DROP IT ALL NOW❗ ",Music
901,"i remember how i literally promoted bibi here in twt but everyone was sleeping on her, and now thank god people are… ",Music
902,"#NowPlaying ""DAN DAN Dance!!"" - A.B.C-Z   You’re going to the DAN DAN Dance!🕺🕺🕺🕺  #np #musicclip #music #Dance   ",Music
903,"VOTE || Mubeat Global Choice Award ""Male"" at Gaon Chart Music Award 2020  #EXO_SC Current Rank (Round 2): 13 (=)  📅 Round 2 (Last date): 27 Dec ➡️ Top 10 qualifies for Round 3  🔗   TUTORIAL: 👇🏽 ",Music
904,#Repost IG   ‘Bloom ’ I’m so thrilled with the way this Mandala shaped up specially given that I jus… ,Music
905,"""Rebel Music"" Official vid goes live on my youtube channel tomorrow at 8pm EST. It's my commentary on Jamaica's inequality that gives preference to mixed descendants and whites, while the majority of darker folks are poor and struggling. Subscribe today  ",Music
906,time for some therapy aka doing makeup while listening to music,Music
907,"Spotify’s operating EXPENSES for the 12-month period ending Sept. 30, 2020, were $8.82 BILLION — up 26% year-over-year. In 12 years, they’ve NEVER posted an annual net profit. Meek, the real money is in ownership of the music; not the platform.",Music
908,"🚨SEOUL MUSIC AWARDS WHOSFANDOM TOP 4 VOTING 🗳   1.                     - 76.34% 2.  - 23.66% (52.68% gap 🚨)  ARMYs, this round will end tomorrow!! We still have huge gap with no 1!! Please take your time to vote!! 🥺💜 ",Music
909, Why can't they just celebrate that you have created some of the greatest and most iconic music of… ,Music
910,William of The Return Of Superman - IG update   👦🏻 :Suga hyung... I hope you get better soon  IG caption: Being that it’s Christmas I’m still up so I can watch BTS on the SBS music festival.But I really miss Suga. Get well soon💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜  ,Music
911," Nah come on, give me a phone number to call. How you charge me for music and prime when music is includ… ",Music
912,"not to be ""new one ok rock music sucks"" but i miss old one ok rock music style 😔",Music
913,"Hi , I recently purchased an Alexa who says that the music membership is only £3.99 a month however when I… ",Music
914,Music ¡! 🎶  Currently fave song ~ 🔹    Verbatim - Mother Mother  Currently fave band(s) ~ 🔹    Mother mother  &amp; Radwimps,Music
915,In honor of christmas day #scorigami santa taught me a scuffed version of  intro music ,Music
916,   Lmfao “I’m so smart and above all you peasants so I have to dictate what ki… ,Music
917,Aye this mf really a HIT frfr no kizzy🔥🔥🎬📈 #Music #MyPeople #SlyStaySpittin #LateNight #Vibes ,Music
918,I wish Apple Music would add Fabs Soul tapes 😒😒,Music
919,i find it not entertaining anymore. just an annoying piece of laughingstock. cant even call that a talent. know the… ,Music
920,". ""Cherry Bomb"" becomes their 1st music video to hit 120,000,000 views on YouTube ",Music
921,Great unsigned music. Now Rose Into The Night by Daniel Tidwell 14  Listen on  ,Music
922,IM IN THE CAR TRYING TO TAKE A NAP AND MY PARENTS ARE BLASTING ROCK MUSIC WTF 😐 ???,Music
923,+ if they ever do it will be on their own terms and I just know the new music they'll create will be absolutely incredible. there's the possibility of them being together in the band creating magic but still do solo music as well like many bands do. I can't wait for it.,Music
924,"'ACTS OF HEROISM' These Nashville police officers ran into danger and evacuated residents before an RV explosion downtown, saving lives. “These officers didn’t care about themselves...They cared about the citizens of Nashville."" ",Music
925,📊[High1 Seoul Music Awards]   Cast your votes now and continue watching ads. We’re out from the top 12 currently and other groups below are catching up. Pls participate! 🥺🙏  Tutorial :  블랙핑크  #BLACKPINK  ,Music
926,God bless the police,News
927,"A Florida teen raised $30,000 for homeless veterans by making wooden American flags for frontline workers. ",News
928,"BREAKING NEWS. Dateline 12/25/20 Louisville. Kentucky Colonel and Senator, Mitch McConnell, in a small gathering of mega rich donors, reaffirmed his vow to block every bill from the Democrats. ""Even if I feel it's a good bill. They shall have no victories. None,"" McConnell said.",News
929,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
930,Large 'intentional' explosion damages downtown Nashville Christmas morning  (Via WKBN 27 First News) ,News
931,"[ENG TRANSLATION] #YuzuruHanyu's interview with Sponichi after his #全日本フィギュア Free Program. Translated by ,  and . Full translation also available here:   src:  ",News
932,"LIER..........PANTS ON FIRE,,,,LIE-ON.JTS....",News
933,Looks like the AP is considered the most objective news source today. Check out this article.… ,News
934,Translation: The Manafort pardon is a $42 + million bribe for him to keep quiet. ,News
935,Ok now I know this one is definitely a McCracken 😉 Looking at you ⁦⁩ ❤️ “Mysterious gingerbread monolith… ,News
936,   “fAkE nEwS!!!1one!!!eleven!!” in 3...2....  ,News
937,All I want for 2021 is to have new news for the season 2 of these dramas 😭  Arthdal Chronicles and Vagabond I always think about your cliffhanger ending 💔 ,News
938,For full transparency I’ve experienced significant hair loss over the last few months due to long-covid even though I survived the virus 9 months ago. This is something people don’t talk about often.   It seems my immune system is v. weak. I’m currently on antibiotics this xmas,News
939,TODAY THEY WERE FORCED TO ADMIT THAT 'COVID-19' DOES NOT EXIST ,News
940,"BREAKING NEWS. Dateline 12/25/20 Louisville. Kentucky Colonel and Senator, Mitch McConnell, in a small gathering of mega rich donors, reaffirmed his vow to block every bill from the Democrats. ""Even if I feel it's a good bill. They shall have no victories. None,"" McConnell said.",News
941,Forex reserves up by $2.56 bn to record $581.131 bn    via NaMo App ,News
942,Awkward — Trump just vetoed a raise for the troops ,News
943,"This is the first time in years that Chinese Nationals have been CAUGHT SPYING in Afghanistan. At least two of the 10 Chinese nationals were in contact with the Haqqani Network, the terrorist group that doubles as the sword arm of the Taliban.   ",News
944, This is FAKE NEWS ABOUT A FAIR ELECTION!!!  #DiaperDonald #ResidentNotPresident… ,News
945,Czechoslovakia (against the general will of the people at the time)? Dissolution of the Norway-Sweden Union (very m… ,News
946,2021 already a bad year and it didnt even start yet,News
947,"☑️Raindrop is LIVE  Claim 10,000 BitCNY worth ($1500) now  Earn additional 20 BitCNY worth (3$) for each referral  Official Links  🔘Airdrop Bot:   🔘News Channel:  🔘Twitter:   🔘Website:  ",News
948,"If you don’t think MAGA has power - 2 months ago, Fox News was a powerhouse - the number #1 rated cable show hands-down.  Today - Their brand is completely destroyed and will never come back. They barely have 3 shows in the top 50 now and CNN and MSNBC is destroying them.",News
949, Fake news,News
950,We are still waiting for shit to hit the fan....,News
951,"BRAKING NEWS: Retweet #CNN says that Hunter Biden Child Porn should not be covered, This is Dirty, this recording should go viral, how many here have children, nephews or children we love and CNN hides these crimes #SaveThechildren    ",News
952,20 % choose system - system is a good company  and their exponential growth is probable - only 18 % of local sales… ,News
953, What nonsense I think TV3 doesn't know what news to cover now.,News
954,"You didn’t get your Covid relief nor the military their pay raise, but Trump pardoned more war criminals and  corrupt friends, flew down to Florida and golfed on your dime. Oh, and 3,000 more Americans died of Covid yesterday.  ",News
955, The casualties of this year's viral conspiracy theories ,News
956,🗣️ Bruno Fernandes: “Did you see my assist?”  🗣️ Fred: “What a sh*t assist.”  ,News
957,Same for Cougar fans. If anyone knows what his family stands in need of please make it known so we can help.,News
958,Aston Villa team news vs Crystal Palace: Dean Smith makes ...  watch now&gt;&gt;  watch now&gt;&gt;  Aston Villa v Crystal Palace - We're live from inside Villa Park as Dean Smith's men take on Roy Hodgson's Eagles looking for ... ,News
959,Shaista Zaid the English newscaster of PTV on her last day in July 2012 after reading the news for 43 years. A graceful lady with lovely voice &amp; impeccable accent made it look so easy. She truly was an institution. ,News
960," Proudly REJECTS Tax Paying Americans for ANY STIMULUS!  If they operated a Company, they’d be fired their 1st Week!!!  Warp Speed of a Sloth 🦥  ",News
961,Someone must know who these scumbags are 😡  Let's find them Twitter.   Man punched with knuckle-duster after asking passengers to wear masks ,News
962,Exiled Uyghur leader ‘deeply concerned’ Biden will abandon Trump support for persecuted Muslims | Just The News,News
963,A reminder ,News
964,BREAKING NEWS: The finger that retweets this will receive good news this week. 🙌,News
965,"The fact that many predicted it, doesn’t make it any less galling. The Tories have sold out Scottish fishing all over again. Promises they knew couldn’t be delivered, duly broken.",News
966, #Sad! No glamorous photo shoot covers for the wife of a LOSER who sold out his country to RUSSIA a… ,News
967,June Sarpong just happens to be black #BrexiteerRacism,News
968,We don't wanna hear anyone blaming  or  ever.    is the Grinch that keeps on grifting.  Period.  ,News
969,Lawrence Dallaglio: Why we must extend the school day by two hours to help the Covid-19 generation ,News
970,"$PTTN $GWSO $TSLA $FSR ⚡️ The Electric Year: In 2020, We Charged toward Electric Vehicles 📈  #EV #ElectricVehicles #GreenEnergy  #Invest #StocksToWatch #Renewables  ",News
971,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
972,The entire province is officially in lockdown.  Here's your 680 NEWS TO GO with  and .  LISTEN LIVE:  ,News
973,"I didn’t want to do this on Christmas, but the mess made by Trump over the stimulus may cost the GOP their majority in the Senate.  Republicans had a 4-point generic lead in #Georgia before this week… That’s no longer the case.  👉🏻  ",News
974,Translation: The Manafort pardon is a $42 + million bribe for him to keep quiet.,News
975,Enter to win a free 64GB iPad Air from iDrop News. ,News
976,If so I advise Texans (real Texans) to provide trucks/moving expenses to patriots who wish to live in their state.,News
977,Waiting for the good news abilu   #AlwaysWithAbijeet  ,News
978,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
979,LILI's FILM #4 - LISA Dance Performance Video was on Indonesia TV News  cr. ctto  LISA 리사 BLACKPINK 블랙핑크  ht…,News
980, Less or more than 2007 when Sky News were on the bridge reporting water levels to the nation? That was… ,News
981,We really are the news now.,News
982,The good news is I just made enough money in the last hour to buy 3 brand new snowmobiles ,News
983,If she had to leave Congress tomorrow    would miss that hag,News
984,“COVID relief bill flown to Florida” sounds like the worst “Devil Went Down to Georgia” parody ever.,News
985,"Nothing big breaking or something sensational either.  But, I'm coming with a good news (update) only for true SSRians related to the justice for our Sushant Singh Rajput Sir mission soon. Keep roaring &amp; praying from your heart. ❤  Stay tuned. Jai Hind 🙏🏾 #UncoverSSRDishaKillers",News
986,Bill Gates : philanthrope ou assassin ? ASSASSIN!  ,News
987, Breaking? This is old news.,News
988,"Garda pull man over in Ireland under ""Coronavirus travel restrictions"", furious driver asks for proof of a ""pandemic"", officer quotes ""BBC news"" 🤦‍♂️  Jack Dawkins, Telegram. ",News
989,Going now to make a short speech to service members from all over the world. It is a celebration of Christmas. Video Conference - Fake News not invited!,News
990,The greatest of all time. Fake News!,News
991,#Dictator #Modi suspended mobile internet services in Jammu &amp; Kashmir August 2019 - to block local reports of… ,News
992,We really are the news now.,News
993,AG Barr: Durham Probe Has Found Evidence a 'Group of People' Tried to 'Topple' Trump -  ✅ Via -  #NeonNettle,News
994,Devin Nunes Loses Lawsuit Accusing The Washington Post of Conspiring with House Democrats to Defame Him ,News
995,The Burj Khalifa article is #1 most viewed news overall on Naver means Taehyung might have definitely seen it??? 😳😳😳,News
996,Don’t let them  stand for us ..... #WeThePeople #BidenWillNeverBePresident #BidenCheatedAndGotCaught,News
997,still beyond me that Americans sometimes will act shocked that Middle Easterners can be Christians...bro it was Jesus of Nazareth not Jesus of New Jersey how is this news,News
998,still beyond me that Americans sometimes will act shocked that Middle Easterners can be Christians...bro it was Jesus of Nazareth not Jesus of New Jersey how is this news,News
999,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1000,Covid-19 tests used by New York State schools likely to miss cases of Covid-19 in kids  via …,News
1001,In other news. Really tempted to take a nap.,News
1002,"📈December Idol Group (overall) Brand Reputation Rankings   #5   6,561,582    #GIDLE #여자아이들 ",News
1003,"  The quasi-religious elixeir arrives.  Yet us unsuitable for..  - Those with allergies - Those with chronic health issues  - Those considering pregnancy. - The majority of the population, of which there is no need. - Can't stop transmission/Masks mandates  ",News
1004,‘Only a one in 17 billion chance hydroxychloroquine doesn’t work’: medical professor | Sky News Australia ,News
1005,Couple Converts Van Into Mobile Dining Room to Visit Their Favorite Restaurants:  🎄🎁👍🏽 ,News
1006,Your tax dollars at work: restoring Paul Manafort’s ill-gotten gains.,News
1007,"Thank you to these 6 Nashville police officers—&amp; all the first responders—who helped protect lives &amp; prevent injuries from yesterday’s downtown bomb explosion. These officers went door to door evacuating residents, even w/the impending danger. ",News
1008,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1009,The only way to stop McConnell is to best Loeffler/Perdue in #GASEN.,News
1010,I swear that there must have been fuckery afoot.,News
1011,Vote for  and  and Mitch can just be leader of one of the nation’s most failed states. Maybe… ,News
1012,They all look really nice too. Not surly or obese.,News
1013, Always RKV since the news came that he is coming in BB.  #BB14TheRKVShow,News
1014,Kind of exactly like how reporting on each and every celebrity who contracts Covid does the exact same thing?  This is the pure example of “journalistic confirmation bias” ,News
1015,"Big for-profit long-term-care companies paid out more than $170 million to investors through Ontario’s deadly first wave while taking millions in government funds, data shows | The Star #LTC #FordfailedOntario  ",News
1016,Former News Anchor Says Employees At Fox News Are ‘Nervous’ About Drop In Ratings: They should be. That is because much of Team Trump is not coming back. We must not forget how Fox News betrayed President Trump and his voters. Watch OAN or Newsmax.…  ,News
1017,"🚨 A FAKE FACEBOOK PAGE OF LFS MENDIOLA IS CIRCULATING AND SPREADING STATE PROPAGANDA 🚨  KPL Mendiola strongly condemns this desperate act of promoting black propaganda, spreading fake news, and the red-tagging of the state.  MASS REPORT THE PAGE:  ",News
1018,Welcome to Central Park for today's  game v .  Team news to follow :,News
1019,"Ishrat Jahan ‘Hit &amp; Abused, Head Smashed to the Wall Several Times, Her Clothes Torn in Jail’.  Why, because she was practicing her democratic right to dissent.  #BJPDestroysDemocracy ",News
1020,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1021,"BREAKING NEWS. Dateline 12/25/20 Louisville. Kentucky Colonel and Senator, Mitch McConnell, in a small gathering of mega rich donors, reaffirmed his vow to block every bill from the Democrats. ""Even if I feel it's a good bill. They shall have no victories. None,"" McConnell said.",News
1022,Good news for Raphael Warnock and Jon Ossoff in the Georgia Senate runoffs  via… ,News
1023,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1024,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1025,"Seriously this is all it tajes...well that explains Florida  Vitamin D, other everyday vitamins could counter coron… ",News
1026,Recognizing Recent Efforts By Volunteer Contributors on the Translation Team CRYPTO CRYPTO NEWS - ,News
1027,COVID-19 testing resumes today at sites across #ArlingtonTX. Learn more here ➡  ,News
1028,"In an era where cops are often vilified, the heroism of those six police officers in Nashville can be measured in the countless lives they saved while ignoring the risks to their own safety.  | Just The News ",News
1029,"The fact that many predicted it, doesn’t make it any less galling. The Tories have sold out Scottish fishing all over again. Promises they knew couldn’t be delivered, duly broken. ",News
1030,Today early voting resumes - it's important that if you have not returned your absentee/mail-in ballot that you com… ,News
1031,Good news on our Christmas day!  Looks like both ‘brothers’ are going to share their jail cell!!  ,News
1032,Well this is completely insane and totally horrifying... ,News
1033,"'We’re told now it doesn’t matter if it was actually the diagnosis that caused death. If someone had it, they died of it'  '40% did not have COVID-19 as the underlying cause of death'  They even found car accidents and drownings counted as COVID deaths.  ",News
1034,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1035,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1036,"“Tennessee paper religious ad claims ‘Islam’ will detonate nuclear bomb in Nashville” — June 20, 2020 —  ",News
1037,Anyone any news on the cattle raid last night in Cooley?,News
1038,still beyond me that Americans sometimes will act shocked that Middle Easterners can be Christians...bro it was Jesus of Nazareth not Jesus of New Jersey how is this news,News
1039,"New Article for Eunwoo's IG update  Please react, recommend and share 🤗💙  Link:   #차은우 #CHAEUNWOO  #여신강림  #TrueBeauty #LeeSuho ",News
1040,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1041,The only way to stop McConnell is to best Loeffler/Perdue in #GASEN.,News
1042,"BREAKING NEWS. Dateline 12/25/20 Louisville. Kentucky Colonel and Senator, Mitch McConnell, in a small gathering of mega rich donors, reaffirmed his vow to block every bill from the Democrats. ""Even if I feel it's a good bill. They shall have no victories. None,"" McConnell said.",News
1043,Dominion Voting is threatening people and news outlets who say their machines are rigged. ,News
1044," No indian channel is showing this news , as there is no such news... Dare to show news about Uyghurs and h… ",News
1045,Donald Trump is a one- man factory of controversies. The news is that soon he's going to make the mother of all con… ,News
1046,How to reduce your anxiety:  - Cut out inflammatory foods - Meditate - Gratitude journal - Exercise - Get some sun - Sleep 7-9 hours - Quit porn - Regulate blood sugar - Surround yourself with loving people - Turn off the news - Avoid vegans,News
1047,"In an era where cops are often vilified, the heroism of those six police officers in Nashville can be measured in the countless lives they saved while ignoring the risks to their own safety.  | Just The News ",News
1048,"Extraordinary discovery in #Pompeii - an intact 'street food' shop with ""food in the pots"".  #RomanArchaeology #Archaeology #Archeologia #ArcheologiaRomana ",News
1049,What civilized societies do! ,News
1050,What is Inquirer on? Travellers from UK have been banned since 24 December! Get your facts straight!,News
1051,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1052,  Adam Schiff urged #ImpartialJustice.  Reject lying propagandists &amp;… ,News
1053,"GOP lawmakers in Georgia insisted on this type of system for in person voting (touchscreens). Dem lawmakers in GA wanted #HandMarkedPaperBallots for most voters instead. Dems in Congress tried to pass the #SAFEAct, which would have banned systems like GA’s, but Rs killed it.",News
1054,"Non-journalistic headline by former news outlet .  ""Millions of Americans lose jobless benefits as Trump refuses to sign aid bill.""  Wrong, they lose those benefits because the left refused to send a clean bill that actually helps the US more than others. #FakeNews",News
1055,BREAKING NEWS: The finger that retweets this will receive good news this week. 🙌,News
1056,       That is sad news.… ,News
1057,#WATCH: The $1 billion worth of amphetamines seized by Italy’s Guardia di Finanza in July “came from Syria and could be linked to Lebanese group Hezbollah.” For the story:  ,News
1058,"☑️Raindrop is LIVE  Claim 10,000 BitCNY worth ($1500) now  Earn additional 20 BitCNY worth (3$) for each referral  Official Links  🔘Airdrop Bot:   🔘News Channel:  🔘Twitter:   🔘Website:  ",News
1059,"The Queen, 94, pleaded for tolerance and mutual respect and reminded people of the contribution made to national life by people of many faiths and backgrounds today and down the centuries ",News
1060,Festive cheer courtesy of Chemical Brothers! ,News
1061,📋 #HAMCEL team news...   Our starting XI for today’s Scottish Premiership match away to .   𝑪 𝑶 𝒀 𝑩 𝑰 𝑮 🍀🟢 ,News
1062, DO Doug Ford now! The one that's  killing us with media impunity?! Incredible that NOT ONE of our news organizations will hold ANY of the conservative leaders to account for their mishandling of the pandemic.,News
1063,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1064,"Although some of the information in Peter’s viral post was wrong, it wasn't critically dangerous.   That's not always the case. With our team, I investigated numerous links around the world between misleading posts online and serious real world harm.  ",News
1065,"Maria’s show and ratings are better than ever. They are trying to shame her into not telling the truth. Her audience would be gone, and she is far too smart for that. Rigged Election!",News
1066,more good news on the vaccine as moderna vac gets rolled out in Canada.  Shipment of Moderna COVID-19 vaccine arriv… ,News
1067,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1068,This news that Girania has been defeated... is it true?,News
1069,Radical Rightwingers actually believe Adam Schiff was arrested on Christmas Eve and they listen to Fake News Fox to confirm it. They are threatened by his presence and speech.,News
1070,"I interviewed June Sarpong, and the reaction of *a certain type of person* on here perfectly illustrates the need for June Sarpong ",News
1071,"AICC ignoring MPs’ protest in Delhi, says Sunil Jakhar ",News
1072,The biggest fake news stories of the Christmas weekend so far?  Adam Schiff getting arrested.  Slick Willie Bill Clinton dying.  Nashville bombing was random incident.  The same 'sources' spreading these hoaxes/lies also say there's no evidence of election fraud 🙄,News
1073,"  Angela Chao (Elaine's sister) still runs the Foremost Group.  ""...her father, James… ",News
1074,"She was picked up by a keke man wondering about, she could not say her name or where she comes from so if you can, spread the news so the the family can go DE Paul hospital Maryland to pick her up ",News
1075,"BREAKING NEWS. Dateline 12/25/20 Louisville. Kentucky Colonel and Senator, Mitch McConnell, in a small gathering of mega rich donors, reaffirmed his vow to block every bill from the Democrats. ""Even if I feel it's a good bill. They shall have no victories. None,"" McConnell said.",News
1076,"If you don’t think MAGA has power - 2 months ago, Fox News was a powerhouse - the number #1 rated cable show hands-down.  Today - Their brand is completely destroyed and will never come back. They barely have 3 shows in the top 50 now and CNN and MSNBC is destroying them.",News
1077,"Covid-19 spike: Record number of cases with 2,335 infections in a day, two fatalities bring death toll to 451   ",News
1078,This is genius. Hey   that’s an infection rate of 0.0024% on what should be a fairly random sample. Still wondering why there is zero correlation between policies and deaths in U.K.?,News
1079,"Maria’s show and ratings are better than ever. They are trying to shame her into not telling the truth. Her audience would be gone, and she is far too smart for that. Rigged Election!",News
1080,Reminder: DNC rigged the Iowa caucus because they didn’t want the headlines to be about Bernie winning the first primary vote.   ,News
1081,Dominion Voting is threatening people and news outlets who say their machines are rigged. ,News
1082,  My son was sent home early from the hospital where he works due to low census(patients) ICU had 3 pts/ 6 floors in the hospital he had 2 floors with 11 pts. The local news claims the exact same hospital is at capacity and the ICU is over run. Same situation where my DIL works?🤔,News
1083,2021 already a bad year and it didnt even start yet,News
1084,"Fintech Flash⚡️Holliday edition! 🎄  This week  rounds up the most prominent news in blockchain, inc… ",News
1085,The latest #SocialResearch UK News! ,News
1086,Rudy says we will get everything in one day on how much fraud has been committed by the dems. Says it will be shocking and will be the downfall of the dem party. Says about Kamala Harris not giving up her senate seat yet. I cannot wait for this news!   ,News
1087,. shared a candid picture of herself but rumoured beau #MeezaanJafri has a request.  #BigB |… ,News
1088,France and Japan report cases of the virus variant that prompted lockdowns in Britain. ,News
1089,‘Only a one in 17 billion chance hydroxychloroquine doesn’t work’: medical professor | Sky News Australia ,News
1090,Gaza Strip hit by Israeli airstrikes ,News
1091,Fake news: This photo has nothing to do with ongoing farmers' protest.  This photo is from 2018. ,News
1092,What the Hell is this?  HOW is foxhunting exempt from Covid restrictions today?  ,News
1093,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1094,still beyond me that Americans sometimes will act shocked that Middle Easterners can be Christians...bro it was Jesus of Nazareth not Jesus of New Jersey how is this news,News
1095,"Yamaha boss Lin Jarvis says Valentino Rossi will be a ""very important part"" in the development of the 2021 MotoGP bike despite his switch to Petronas SRT: ",News
1096,"PM Modi releases ₹18,000 cr PM-KISAN installment, urges farmers to spread word about Kisan Credit Card… ",News
1097,The News are Fake. The War is Real. ,News
1098,God bless the police,News
1099,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1100,    Only those who are awake know this...My only hope is that more… ,News
1101,"#NawazIsraelNexus  Responding to the news, Special Assistant to Prime Minister Dr Shahbaz Gill tweeted that Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz  (PML-N) Vice President Maryam Nawaz should public the names of other members in the delegation and deal, which her father made with Israel ",News
1102,"A liberal novelty Twitter account is also pushing baseless rumors of ""sealed indictments"" against Trump. QAnon brain. ",News
1103,Aston Villa team news vs Crystal Palace: Dean Smith makes ...  watch now&gt;&gt;  watch now&gt;&gt;  Aston Villa v Crystal Palace - We're live from inside Villa Park as Dean Smith's men take on Roy Hodgson's Eagles looking for ... ,News
1104,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1105,"BREAKING NEWS. Dateline 12/25/20 Louisville. Kentucky Colonel and Senator, Mitch McConnell, in a small gathering of mega rich donors, reaffirmed his vow to block every bill from the Democrats. ""Even if I feel it's a good bill. They shall have no victories. None,"" McConnell said.",News
1106,lisa news   #StarFMBestOf2020 Female K-Pop Act of the Year - BLACKPINK  ,News
1107,All I want for 2021 is to have new news for the season 2 of these dramas 😭  Arthdal Chronicles and Vagabond I always think about your cliffhanger ending 💔 ,News
1108,The Burj Khalifa article is #1 most viewed news overall on Naver means Taehyung might have definitely seen it??? 😳😳😳,News
1109,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1110,The team doesn’t come out in any particular order cause they don’t go out on to the pitch in any particular order,News
1111,Dump the Drudge panic machine - read Bongino Report for the best conservative news of the day 👇👇 ,News
1112,"🔊Ep145 Interview for➡️ABC News⬅️Peri Muldofsky 12/13/2005 90mins. FULL! She said: ""Every single woman... in her 30s... can relate to this.""  #WorkingTheMedia  #UCAP Unrelated Consenting Adult #Polygamy  SUBSCRIBE to National Polygamy Advocate ™ #PODCAST ",News
1113, Excellent news man keep with the program,News
1114,"Hataraku Saibou (Cells at Work!) manga ends next chapter; second anime season, spin-off anime premieres on January 9 and 10, 2021, respectively #はたらく細胞  ",News
1115,In another news I was drunk texting last night 🥱,News
1116,still beyond me that Americans sometimes will act shocked that Middle Easterners can be Christians...bro it was Jesus of Nazareth not Jesus of New Jersey how is this news,News
1117,"Hundreds of immigrants in France🇫🇷 working on the #coronavirus frontline, from cleaners to health aides, have had their service to the country recognised with fast-track citizenship   via   #COVID19",News
1118,Anonymous Santa spreads Christmas magic to families in need  via The Dispatch ,News
1119,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1120,you lying- 👁👄👁,News
1121,Let's see...  With no billionaires funding us...  With no war-gamed plan...  Trump supporters have:  Crippled the NFL.  Made a guy who makes pillows rich.  Made GOYA a pantry staple.  and  Taken down an entire news network.  ...  Do They really think we won't defend our nation?,News
1122,BREAKING NEWS: The finger that retweets this will receive good news this week. 🙌,News
1123,still beyond me that Americans sometimes will act shocked that Middle Easterners can be Christians...bro it was Jesus of Nazareth not Jesus of New Jersey how is this news,News
1124,"Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News  said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!",News
1125, Variant 70% more transmissible but only one appears everywhere. Fake news,News
1126,How an #Australia|n woman survived the conflict in #Tigray                   ,News
1127,Top story: Greg Norman: Former world number one in hospital with Covid-19 symptoms - BBC Sport… ,Sport
1128,What Philippe Coutinho Has Done in the Time Taken for Barcelona to Pay Liverpool in Full ,Sport
1129,Ex-England cricketer and commentator Robin Jackman dies aged 75  #RobinJackmanRIP     #Guardian     #sport… ,Sport
1130," Jim,  What's the best strategy for $BABA right now if you own it?  I know you can't control the Chinese… ",Sport
1131, Trump does know how to win and this does not have one thing to do with playing nice. Business is black an… ,Sport
1132,"Like, we support an objectively flawed and often dumb sport. The least we could do is try and act like a civilised following. We're not even two weeks out of the off-season yet, ffs.",Sport
1133,"Teams are out, kick-off is moments away. Follow minute by minute updates below, if you need a distraction from fest… ",Sport
1134,Still consistently think Boxing Day has something to do with the sport 🥊 ka-pow ka-pow dingdingding,Sport
1135,"Boxing day sucks, always makes my blood boil seeing that this shit still takes place. Especially when those cunts t… ",Sport
1136," Good morning Amy! Thank you, any day watching sport is a good day 🥳 enjoy your day too!",Sport
1137,     A group for those against the BLM Politica… ,Sport
1138,Follow live updates of QPR vs Swansea City right here! #QPR #Swans ,Sport
1139, Alabama plays a different sport than any other college football team ,Sport
1140,If eating was a sport I’d defo be 1st place 🙄😂,Sport
1141,   Sums up Scottish sport over the last fifty years.,Sport
1142," I ask again, how are you promoting the growth of cricket in this country if you only allow premium subscribers to have access to the test, how are young under privileged kids meant to join the sport if you don’t show them their heroes.",Sport
1143, Pro sport is not affected since the first lockdown,Sport
1144,The 29-year-old is set join the Vodacom Bulls for next season #SUFTUM  ,Sport
1145,Maxim Tsigalko dead: Championship Manager icon dies aged 37 ,Sport
1146,Jesus testing positive for Covid on Christmas day sums up 2020 really.,Sport
1147,"He found Manchester City had an 'unpleasant atmosphere' following £3.5m switch from #Pompey, ",Sport
1148,"Hodgson : ""Training has been good I'm afraid these games and results do come around from time to time [7-0 defeat t… ",Sport
1149,"""A padded boxing glove, used in the sport of boxing. Usually red.""   🥊📅  ",Sport
1150,How he knows? He has not played under Pep. The fact of the matter is Arteta needs to be sacked and the next appoint… ,Sport
1151,No swipe just the truth.,Sport
1152,Here's my match report after what was a hugely disappointing derby defeat for the U's at Southend this afternoon… ,Sport
1153,Gerrard has spoken out  ,Sport
1154,How good has Jack Grealish been for Aston Villa?  #AVLCRY #bbcfootball ,Sport
1155, Pro sport is not affected since the first lockdown,Sport
1156,"Always said this, shittiest sport community. And it's always the Ferrari fans somehow! Embarrassing and shameful",Sport
1157,"On top of this, you’ve got people in the chat going “imma stay quiet” rather than calling them out for comments. Li… ",Sport
1158,"🦊 As #BoxingDay hunts take place, we're raising concerns about trail hunting. We're worried that this legal 'sport' could be used as a smokescreen for illegal, traditional hunts:  #KeepTheBan  ☎️ 👮 If you see illegal hunting, call the police on 101. ",Sport
1159,About to get underway at the City Ground. Follow the action LIVE #nffc #BCFC ,Sport
1160, They haven’t even tried to clean it up. The astros were a great chance to reclaim their sport and the pe… ,Sport
1161,The Bulls are out. As it happens👉  ,Sport
1162,happy Boxing Day! someone come punch me in the face 😃,Sport
1163,Airman Outdoor Sport Hand Foot Point Massager PVC Peanut Shape Massage Ball Trigger Stress Relief Fitness Tool(Rand… ,Sport
1164,Jesus testing positive for Covid on Christmas day sums up 2020 really. ,Sport
1165,Am I right in saying that BBC sport have photoshopped heads onto bodies on this “team line up” picture?! 😂😂,Sport
1166," So, one sport, maybe two max...",Sport
1167, It’s good sport,Sport
1168,Out favourite festive family Christmas game is guessing what is happening in sport solely by 's tweets ,Sport
1169,COMING SPRING 2021  Sign up to be notified! (Link in bio)  #djdirt #djdirtco #lookcleangetdirty #apparel… ,Sport
1170,"Santa doesn’t know Zoology:  Both male &amp; female Reindeer grow antlers. But all male Reindeer lose their antlers in the late fall, well-before Christmas.  So Santa’s reindeer, which all sport antlers, are therefore all female, which means Rudolf has been misgendered. ",Sport
1171,Trinity VS Allen | Texas High School Trojans vs Eagles  The Allen (TX) varsity football team… ,Sport
1172,happy Boxing Day! someone come punch me in the face 😃,Sport
1173,Oh that's sad. :(,Sport
1174,And we're off here at Ewood. Come on #Rovers!  ,Sport
1175,"Where is the ""sport"" in hunting a giraffe?!?! Please sign and share this petition!   SIGN: Add Gira… ",Sport
1176,Oh Deer ! 🎅,Sport
1177,"Whoever at SACOS coined the phrase ""There can be no normal sport in an abnormal society"" deserves the goddam Nobel… ",Sport
1178,Internet has just cut out at Victoria Park.   Hopefully any streaming issues can be resolved quickly.   The teams a… ,Sport
1179,We are off at Ewood Park. #SWFC ,Sport
1180,Who do you want to drop points today? #Pompey ,Sport
1181,"[Summit Exclusive] A celebration of the people who find, clean, and equip moderate climbs at your favorite crags ac… ",Sport
1182,"WFC is reflecting on what an amazing year this has been for the Food Sport world. With your help, we developed hund… ",Sport
1183,Shop Solid Padded Dance Yoga Sport Bra Sport     #Sportwear #SportBra #TShirt… ,Sport
1184,ICYMI / VIDEO: Part 1 of our video reunion with seven of the Scarborough FC squad who lost out in the Division Thre… ,Sport
1185,"2006 BMW 130i M SPORT  Pricing;P65 000  Notable Specs;  2.5L chain driven 6 cylinder engine with ZF6 ,push button s… ",Sport
1186,This haikyū account will post daily on your favourite sport anime ! Don't hesitate to follow and turn on notifications to help us and so you don't miss anything 🏐 ,Sport
1187,Linlithgow Loch Private Individual Loch Access Permits 🚣  From now until the 4 January you can purchase Water Sport… ,Sport
1188,KICK OFF  #ExeterChiefs v #GloucesterRugby  #EXEvGLO  ,Sport
1189,Provine vs Jim Hill | Mississippi High School Basketball Rams vs Tigers  The Jim Hill (Jacks… ,Sport
1190,📢* FREE BET BUNDLE! *📢  GET A £5 FREE BET FOR EACH OF THE FOLLOWING GAMES:  • Leeds v Burnley • West Ham v Brighton… ,Sport
1191,Former Crusaders and Ballymena United ace Stephen McBride has opened up on an emotional off-field battle and explai… ,Sport
1192,Follow #StokeCity live against Coventry ,Sport
1193,Monaco among many keen on bringing in Brighton’s Bissouma #Monaco #sport #football   ,Sport
1194,Our wonderful founder  is standing up to be counted this morning! Join him &amp;  in calling for action to put sport at the heart of our nation!  ,Sport
1195,"This is beautiful. ITV do these films so well. Brough Scott is peerless. Truly, a great voice of sport. #Dessie",Sport
1196,"Rockwall-Heath VS Bridgeland | Texas High School Hawks vs Bears  The Bridgeland (Cypress, TX… ",Sport
1197,"A draw for Forest Green at Exeter, then. It means that, if Carlisle win today and Newport don't (at Crawley), the Blues will go top.  Kick-off not far away...   #cufc ",Sport
1198,We are off at Ewood Park. #SWFC ,Sport
1199,I think the word is #Regress ! #BruceOut,Sport
1200,Leicester 2-2 Man Utd: 6 talking points in match of mixed fortunes for Marcus Rashford #mufc #ManUtd ,Sport
1201,Man Utd player ratings as star men endure mixed day in Premier League first at Leicester #mufc #ManUtd ,Sport
1202,"Black Lives Matter has new expression: South Africa team to raise fists, not take a knee   ",Sport
1203,Come take a look at the Ford Bronco Sport interior features and all they have to offer.  ,Sport
1204,"Hit the road in style this festive season with affordable vehicles from   2019 Toyota SUPRA GR A/T 🔸R 759 995,00 🔸5,500 km. 🔸R12,468 pm Vehicle Finance. T&amp;C's Apply 2015 BMW 330d M-Sport A/T (F30) 🔸R 359 995,00 🔸109,500 km. 🔸R6,836 pm Vehicle Finance. T&amp;C's Apply ",Sport
1205,#cufc get the game under way against #bwfc  ,Sport
1206,"Longview VS Ryan | Texas High School Lobos vs Raiders  The Ryan (Denton, TX) varsity footbal… ",Sport
1207,Self-heating Magnetic Knee Support $ 19.98 and FREE Shipping Tag a friend who would love this! . .  #sportfitzone… ,Sport
1208,KICK-OFF!  Follow live updates from Fulham vs Southampton in the Premier League:  #FULSOU,Sport
1209, listened to your talk sport striker podcast. Your honesty regarding your cancer and gambling were ve… ,Sport
1210,Cedar Hill VS Tomball Memorial | Texas High School Longhorns vs Wildcats  The Tomball Memori… ,Sport
1211,#cufc get the game under way against #bwfc  ,Sport
1212,Out favourite festive family Christmas game is guessing what is happening in sport solely by 's tweets ,Sport
1213,Rowing Personalised Word Art Print. FREE UK P&amp;P. Sport | Etsy  #QueenOf #UKSOPRO ,Sport
1214,"When you’re used to bleeding/hurting (physically/mentally), the more you get used to it. I used to pour alcohol to… ",Sport
1215,🏁 #BristolCity kick us off!  #BRCWYC 🔴 0-0 🔵  ,Sport
1216,"Kalaripayattu- an earthy, full-blooded sport must find its right place in the world; demands enormous levels of physical capabilities &amp; mental discipline. Including it in National Sports contests a big boost for rural participation. Congratulations. –Sg #KheloIndia",Sport
1217,2020 Panini One And One Kawhi Leonard Timeless Moments Auto 4/5 TM-KLE🔥🔥 #eBay #UnitedStates #Auction #SportCards… ,Sport
1218,2001 Chrysler PT Cruiser Sport Wagon 4D ** silver ** Wagon 4 Doors - $2995.00 - to view more details go to ,Sport
1219,Lot's of bloodthirsty red coated b******s out today ripping foxes apart for sport.,Sport
1220,Manchester United Women's 2020 in review | For  ,Sport
1221,Thiago linking up with Naby 🤤,Sport
1222,"The betting and gaming industry is a major contributor to sport in the UK, particularly horseracing which receives… ",Sport
1223,KICK OFF!  The Dragons get us going at Rodney Parade...  ,Sport
1224,“But... but... I want to give some free Everton shirts away to see if Carlo will let me back in the team...”,Sport
1225,2015 Jeep Renegade FWD Sport / from $ 1490 down ** Silver ** SUV 4 Doors - $1490 - to view more details go to ,Sport
1226,#sport #sportoutfit Equipment For Entertainment - Many Playmat Choices - Glint Hawk - MTG Board Game Mat Table Mat… ,Sport
1227,☑☑  10 BEST Tissot Women39s PR 100 Sport Chic Swiss Quartz Stainless Steel Strap Gold 19 Casual Watch Model T101917… ,Sport
1228,Merry Christmas! Clearing up the facts 🕊🤣 ,Sport
1229,KICK-OFF! We're underway at Villa Park. Follow Aston Villa vs Crystal Palace live #AVLCRY  ,Sport
1230,Le foot,Sport
1231," I get it, it’s because today is Boxing Day, right? Though, it has to do more with giving boxes to s… ",Sport
1232,KICK OFF | We're underway at Ewood Park.  Follow our LIVE blog for all the action between Blackburn Rovers and Wedn… ,Sport
1233,Coventry City v Stoke City #PUSB ,Sport
1234,Wtf with Vardy’s goal counted as an own goal.  Ruining the sport,Sport
1235,2014 Honda Accord Sport 4dr Sedan CVT ** White ** Sedan 4 Doors - $9595.00 - to view more details go to ,Sport
1236,No surprises in how Stoke line up with a 3-5-2. ,Sport
1237,#GTFC | We're underway at Morecambe!  Follow all the action this afternoon with our live updates ,Sport
1238,"getting a house as an artist is extreme sport, nobody wants to rent to us 🤦‍♂️",Sport
1239,"“Liverpudlians are a lucky bunch, and we should never forget it.”    on Jürgen Klopp and the story… ",Sport
1240,Football &amp; Cricket ♥️,Sport
1241,The 29-year-old is set join the Vodacom Bulls for next season #SUFTUM  ,Sport
1242,"#throated Sucking Cock Is Like A Sport  Jason Moody ,Mona Azar  ",Sport
1243, I don’t think he fully appreciates the power of a woman with a love of sport and 500 followers on Twitter...,Sport
1244,This haikyū account will post daily on your favourite sport anime ! Don't hesitate to follow and turn on notifications to help us and so you don't miss anything 🏐 ,Sport
1245,2016 Jeep Patriot Sport 4dr SUV ** Red ** SUV 4 Doors - $1000 - to view more details go to ,Sport
1246,This haikyū account will post daily on your favourite sport anime ! Don't hesitate to follow and turn on notifications to help us and so you don't miss anything 🏐 ,Sport
1247,Here we go then. We're underway   Head over to the live blog for all the action as it happens:  … ,Sport
1248,getting back on the bike #return #mountainbike #sport ,Sport
1249,KICK-OFF ⚽ We're underway in this afternoon's Scottish Premiership games  Keep up-to-date with all the action in ou… ,Sport
1250,       … ,Sport
1251,"Watching bobsled racing on the TV recently, I got to wondering how the sport evolved from the basic toboggan to the… ",Sport
1252,Marten de Roon 'looks set for Premier League return' three years after leaving Middlesbrough ,Sport
1253,"When a bad-boy figure skater and his arch-enemy find themselves banned from the sport for life, they must put their… ",Sport
1254, It's so disappointing how such a wonderful sport is disrespected :(,Sport
1255,"The bigger the contest, the more comfortable I truly feel. #americanfootball #football #nfl #sports… ",Sport
1256,"The most important role of coaches has nothing to do with Xs and Os. The most important thing we do is use our sport as a catalyst to teach work ethic, humility, teamwork, accountability, and responsibility. We teach young people how to be a part of something bigger than yourself",Sport
1257,KICK-OFF! We are underway at CCS! #CCFC #Bluebirds ,Sport
1258,Mobb Deep - Blood Sport  via ,Sport
1259,Saddened to wake up to the news of Danny Hodge’s passing. Hodge is an absolute legend in the sport of wrestling and one of its best ambassadors. ,Sport
1260,Neville is correct. Still miles behind Liverpool. Winning PL is all about consistency and  are too unpredictable. One thing they do have now is better depth permitting rotation and recovery.,Sport
1261,KICK-OFF!!   Hamilton vs Celtic is underway  Follow our LIVE blog for all the latest commentary and updates 👇… ,Sport
1262,Here we go ⏳⚽️  Live:  #pnefc ,Sport
1263,Very saddened to wake up to the news this morning. Danny Hodge has always been a household name in both Oklahoma an… ,Sport
1264,2016 Ford Escape SE Sport Utility 4D ** Gray ** SUV 4 Doors - $10950.00 - to view more details go to ,Sport
1265,The game gets underway in west London! #QPR #Swans ,Sport
1266,   A group for those against the BLM Political Movement and taking of the knee… ,Sport
1267,"The most important role of coaches has nothing to do with Xs and Os. The most important thing we do is use our sport as a catalyst to teach work ethic, humility, teamwork, accountability, and responsibility. We teach young people how to be a part of something bigger than yourself",Sport
1268,KICK-OFF! We are underway at CCS! #CCFC #Bluebirds ,Sport
1269,90' - Bruno Fernandes given BT Sport Man of the Match against Leicester #mulive,Sport
1270,There is no 'could' about it. Trail hunting IS a #Smokescreen so hunts can carry on as before the ban.   #TrailHuntLies #HuntingOfficeExposed #FoxHunting,Sport
1271,Oh Deer ! 🎅,Sport
1272,Solskjaer on Rashford: “Of course he knows his first chance is a big one. It seems like he finished his header before the ball came and it hit the top of his head. Just one of those things.” #muzone [bt sport],Sport
1273,Blues win Essex derby  Read all about it here   ,Sport
1274, | Trevor Quirk's touching tribute to Robin Jackman: 'It's devastating losing your best frie… ,Sport
1275,How to spend your book vouchers #3  #Sport #boxing #boxingbooks #irishamerican   ,Sport
1276,KICK-OFF! We are underway at CCS! #CCFC #Bluebirds ,Sport
1277,2007 INFINITI G35 Sedan 4dr Manual Sport RWD ** Gray ** Sedan 4 Doors - $7277 - to view more details go to ,Sport
1278,Colorful Printed Sport Headband #talksport #game  ,Sport
1279,"Happy Holidays to all of the Rawlings Sport Business Management, students, alumni, industry partners, donors &amp; teaching professionals.  Cheers!! ",Sport
1280,#GTFC | We're underway at Morecambe!  Follow all the action this afternoon with our live updates ,Sport
1281,KICK-OFF: #Pools get us under way.   Updates in our live blog...   ,Sport
1282,Human hubris in fiddling with nature...  #myxoma ,Sport
1283, Hmm 🤔 someone like a sport at least 🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓,Sport
1284,Yup. Especially in youth sports!,Sport
1285,2014 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 4dr Sdn C 250 Sport RWD **  ** Sedan 4 Doors - $15995 - to view more details go to ,Sport
1286,Opening cards and pretending you haven’t seen the money in it is a sport,Sport
1287,Blues win Essex derby  Read all about it here   ,Sport
1288,. founder  has spent much of her life in sports &amp; is now paying it forward. Check out ou… ,Sport
1289," Neil ""Rapist"" deGrasse Tyson doesn't know Cryptozoology:  Magical reindeer can not only fly, travel the world in one night, and have red noses, but also magically retain their antlers year-round. Facts😎  ",Sport
1290,  Plz sport #किसान_झुकेगा_नही #किसान_झुकेगा_नही #किसान_झुकेगा_नही #किसान_झुकेगा_नही ,Sport
1291,We are up and running at the City Ground #nffc ,Sport
1292," Would expect nothing less than a tasteless holiday'greeting' from the country that brutalizes Palestinians for sport and wages war on countries for their oil.  US, UK and Israel are the world's terrorists.  Defund the War Machine.",Sport
1293,A day of sport for me now. Aston Villa game on now then its NFL from 6pm. Not a bad way to spend Boxing Day.,Sport
1294,Paul Scholes rips Man Utd star McTominay for ‘taking social distancing too literally’ in build-up to Leicester goal ,Sport
1295,Siraj has fulfilled our late father’s dream by making Test debut: brother ,Sport
1296,"Kalaripayattu- an earthy, full-blooded sport must find its right place in the world; demands enormous levels of physical capabilities &amp; mental discipline. Including it in National Sports contests a big boost for rural participation. Congratulations. –Sg #KheloIndia",Sport
1297,Players take the knee at the DW and we're under way. #salop 46'  ,Sport
1298,"The National Science Foundation is spending $199,864.00 to see how people cooperate while playing e-sport video games. Read more here:  ",Sport
1299,😂😂😂🤣 the only sport I’m good at,Sport
1300,   You need to use roundnet as that is the name of the sport! Thanks for asking. Way to go!,Sport
1301,Players take the knee at the DW and we're under way. #salop 46'  ,Sport
1302,"Klopp, Salah and those captaincy comments  ",Sport
1303,Saddened to wake up to the news of Danny Hodge’s passing. Hodge is an absolute legend in the sport of wrestling and one of its best ambassadors. ,Sport
1304, Favourites with work () are Sunak (21/10) &amp; Rayner (11/2)   ,Sport
1305,"Boxing Day shopping is exciting, but this year why not spend what you would at the mall on a child facing financial… ",Sport
1306,He is a true reflection of the #FBPE remainiac losers who find killing wild animals for fun something 2B excused as… ,Sport
1307,This is amazing. I can't believe it.  has really opened so many opportunities for me to talk sport as a woman. Beyond blessed. Thank u to all who support me in every way 🙏💜💛 ,Sport
1308, | Trevor Quirk's touching tribute to Robin Jackman: 'It's devastating losing your best friend' ,Sport
1309,Getting a new sim card or retrieving your line in Nigeria is now an extremeeee sport! What is this country turning into!!!???,Sport
1310,"Wonderful touch from Lowe to bring a long ball under control, but he can't pick out Ayew with a pass. #QPR #Swans ",Sport
1311,Boxing Day and sport 😍😍😍 who needs anything else 🤷‍♂️ #SAvSL #LEIMUN Life is good 😃 ,Sport
1312,"Every progress mentioned under 20 years in this thread are made by private sectors/individuals. ""IF"" govt is proactive &amp; play less or no politics with policies, Nigeria would have been one of the best countries in the world. Our sport is behind bcos govt still hold on to it.",Sport
1313,  Plz sport #किसान_झुकेगा_नही #किसान_झुकेगा_नही #किसान_झुकेगा_नही #किसान_झुकेगा_नही ,Sport
1314,Most excellent piece on Lewis Hamilton says Black Lives Matter gave him 'extra drive' in 2020 - BBC Sport… ,Sport
1315,.... Which Sport/Sports did you Enjoy /Loved in your Childhood ❤️?  Me:- School mei :-Horse Riding &amp; Swimming   Gha… ,Sport
1316,"It's 5-4-1 without the ball for #SWFC. Reach on the right, Bannan tucked in on the left. ",Sport
1317,"It's 5-4-1 without the ball for #SWFC. Reach on the right, Bannan tucked in on the left. ",Sport
1318,Rafa Benitez takes another swipe at Mike Ashley as he claims owner 'doesn't care' about #nufc team.  ,Sport
1319,  That’s where we disagree. If you’re dropping your opponent that is dominating. Ever… ,Sport
1320, and the misogynistic caveman world of Russia thinks it’s over and they won! Let’s show them… ,Sport
1321,90' - Bruno Fernandes given BT Sport Man of the Match against Leicester #mulive,Sport
1322,SPORT OF THE FUTURE. ,Sport
1323,I’m watching bt sport score it’s unreal how shit it is compared to ,Sport
1324,"Santa doesn’t know Zoology:  Both male &amp; female Reindeer grow antlers. But all male Reindeer lose their antlers in the late fall, well-before Christmas.  So Santa’s reindeer, which all sport antlers, are therefore all female, which means Rudolf has been misgendered. ",Sport
1325,"Great derby result for Southend United, who move up to 91st in the league, with 3 wins and 2 draws from the last 5… ",Sport
1326,   after this 3 weeks Tier4 amateur football must be allowed to start! Countless men and… ,Sport
1327,  Plz sport #किसान_झुकेगा_नही #किसान_झुकेगा_नही #किसान_झुकेगा_नही #किसान_झुकेगा_नही ,Sport
1328,10 great games from 2020 for your new Nintendo Switch link:  #technology #tech #innovation… ,Technology
1329,Apple iCloud sign-in and activation aren’t working for some users link:  #technology #tech… ,Technology
1330,For the law to effectively fight technology-enabled crime such as Camelot Lottery ’s STEALING of… ,Technology
1331,"OPEN REVIEW: Zorach Glaser, PhD spent decades archiving studies that examine link between certain health issues + exposure to microwave + radio frequencies. Scholars + the public are now invited to help review his documents. #5G #wireless #TheDefender ",Technology
1332,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1333,tfuel will be highly valued in 2021 will be used as a means of payment in many places infrastructure technology rea… ,Technology
1334,  This actually helped me in my decision about which #Blockchain technology to use in one… ,Technology
1335,"Reform the political military industrial complex. Stop spending money on things we don’t need. Rebuild our manufacturing, infrastructure, science and technology and build a secure nationwide 5G network. Send American kids to school, not War.",Technology
1336,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1337,The latest The Windows 10 Daily!  Thanks to    #technology #cybersecurity,Technology
1338,"Reform the political military industrial complex. Stop spending money on things we don’t need. Rebuild our manufacturing, infrastructure, science and technology and build a secure nationwide 5G network. Send American kids to school, not War. ",Technology
1339,"Technology like #EnterpriseTech, #automation, #MachineLearning, and #ArtificialIntelligence doesn't have to be daun… ",Technology
1340,My lovely wife got me a pair of Bluetooth earbuds for Christmas and I'm wondering why I didn't get these a couple years ago. Amazing technology.,Technology
1341,The future of supply chain management will likely focus on reducing emissions. Here's what we can learn from Walmar… ,Technology
1342,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1343,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1344,Talking out loud to yourself is a technology for thinking –  a través de ,Technology
1345,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1346,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1347,IG Drones with its advanced technology and skilful workforce has created a benchmark in the sphere of disaster mana… ,Technology
1348,Miles' Technology Marketing Daily is out!  Stories via  ,Technology
1349,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1350,"In pursuit of innovating data management for capital market firms,  used the SAP Business Technology Platform to help asset managers accelerate the digital transformation of internal processes. Learn more:  #Banking   ",Technology
1351," This is the Age of technology and advancements. But truthfully, they probably had that for years just under wr…",Technology
1352,🚆A driver’s view into Preston featuring upgraded signalling equipment:  🚦✅Testing is now complete  👍Our #ChristmasRailWorks will help to deliver a more reliable railway for passengers       ,Technology
1353,"Every graduate in every program across domains should be required to take fundamental philosophy. There is no technology without philosophy. Everything, everything at its core is about identity and belonging. ♫  ♫    #a3r ",Technology
1354,"ISRO has made space grade lithium-ion batteries and this technology is useful for mass adoption of electric vehicle"", K Shivan noted  ",Technology
1355,An Ode To The Games It Took Us Forever To Finish (Or How It Took Me Over Twenty Years To Finally Finish The First S… ,Technology
1356,“SolarWinds to be Acquired by Silver Lake”  “Silver Lake is the global leader in technology investing [...] The firm’s current portfolio includes leading technology and technology-enabled businesses such as [...] SunGard [...]”    ,Technology
1357,Where do you even find this kind of technology. I'm terrified. ,Technology
1358,The latest The Michael Reichert Daily!  Thanks to   #education #technology,Technology
1359,"Leonardo DRS is looking for individuals who are team-oriented, creative, and interested in advancing technology in… ",Technology
1360,"Via : ""7 Predictions: What's Ahead in #HealthTech 2021.""   2 industries that had monumental years in 2020:  ✔️#Healthcare ✔️#Technology  What's next? They've merged, &amp; sped-up their curve during #COVID19. #BigData #AI #ArtificialIntelligence",Technology
1361,"OPEN REVIEW: Zorach Glaser, PhD spent decades archiving studies that examine link between certain health issues + exposure to microwave + radio frequencies. Scholars + the public are now invited to help review his documents. #5G #wireless #TheDefender ",Technology
1362,NEWS UPDATE   December 2020                                           ֎ Cooper Applied Technology   Platform Busine… ,Technology
1363,“SolarWinds to be Acquired by Silver Lake”  “Silver Lake is the global leader in technology investing [...] The firm’s current portfolio includes leading technology and technology-enabled businesses such as [...] SunGard [...]”    ,Technology
1364,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1365,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1366,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach."" ",Technology
1367,Technology can help #retailers navigate constant change with maximized business agility. 🤖 SAP's  takes a closer look at how adopting the right digital tools leads to increased enterprise-wide flexibility in   ,Technology
1368, campaign urge anyone affected by this matter to contact them - you can also contact … ,Technology
1369,“SolarWinds to be Acquired by Silver Lake”  “Silver Lake is the global leader in technology investing [...] The firm’s current portfolio includes leading technology and technology-enabled businesses such as [...] SunGard [...]”    ,Technology
1370,"Arslan, Melike, and I made the news along with a traveling bow wreath from the #BuyNothing group I'm part of on Facebook. A little moment of cheer in this otherwise lonely and solitary Christmas: ",Technology
1371,Used to love the thought of seeing blue alien Smurf dudes when this was released in cinemas. The 4K Ultra HD cinema… ,Technology
1372,"OPEN REVIEW: Zorach Glaser, PhD spent decades archiving studies that examine link between certain health issues + exposure to microwave + radio frequencies. Scholars + the public are now invited to help review his documents. #5G #wireless #TheDefender ",Technology
1373,   A lot of holders are not looking for trading. They hold it for the technology. And… ,Technology
1374,"""The vandalism...may be linked to COVID-19 conspiracy theories that 5G cellular technology is responsible for spreading through radio waves the pathogens that cause the virus""--with thanks to my former SSP student, Scott K.  ",Technology
1375,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach."" ",Technology
1376,“SolarWinds to be Acquired by Silver Lake”  “Silver Lake is the global leader in technology investing [...] The firm’s current portfolio includes leading technology and technology-enabled businesses such as [...] SunGard [...]”    ,Technology
1377,Soft Wood Plyo Box w/WeightShift Technology – Gronk Fitness Products ,Technology
1378,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach."" ",Technology
1379,Photoshop....,Technology
1380,"We’re working on technology that will electrify train journeys, regional flights and boats. We’re committed to reaching net zero by 2050. Find out how we’ll get there:  ",Technology
1381,... white ppl have not HELPED anything. We are far behind technology wise &amp; mentally. They have only taken things a… ,Technology
1382,"• Technology In Maattrraan 5 Camera Projection Method, Digital Head Replacement, Light Stage Scanning, Test Render  #Kol…",Technology
1383,"Instead of UV-LED lights, go outside in the sun!  Of course UV kills COVID!    UV-emitting LED lights found to kill… ",Technology
1384,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1385,"Prototype custom card of cut out ""pseudo-graph"" technology...  Simulated cut auto of Jackie Robinson #Dodgers is $1… ",Technology
1386,#Extend_Due_Dates_Immediately  Site is not working. An humble suggestion. Prioritise your efforts on creating a better technology infrastructure rather than publishing the statistics. #Extend_Due_Dates #Extend_Due_Dates_Immediately #ExtendDueDate ,Technology
1387,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1388,The latest Digital Distraction Daily!  #technology #bigdata,Technology
1389,"From improved transportation to data-driven decisions, smart cities are using technology to raise the bar for the world of tomorrow, writes Forrest Senti of  . ",Technology
1390,"2020 was a bulls**t year, but at least technology made it a little bearable.   From Animal Crossing to Twitter fact-checking Trump,  remembers 2020’s best tech. ",Technology
1391,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1392,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach."" ",Technology
1393,Nature is always a great example for #technology via  look at this #robot gripper #CES2021 #nature #innovation ,Technology
1394,Who is known as 'the father of Indian missile technology'? A) Dr. U.R. Rao B) Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam C) Dr. Chidambaram D) Dr. Homi Bhabha THE RUBINA SHOW   ,Technology
1395,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1396,The Future Systems Simulator (FSS) exemplifies our #IntelligentEngine vision and is one of the cleverest pieces of digital technology that we have developed in support of our commitment to more.  #SustainableAviation #AvGeek ,Technology
1397,NIJ IIIA 2.3mm Bulletproof Steel Plate High Technology Safety Gear Armor Military Stand Alone Bulletproof Panel… ,Technology
1398,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1399,WSJ News Exclusive | Supply-Chain Technology Provider Project44 Gains $100 Million in New Backing ,Technology
1400,HIRING Managing Director of New Solutions: About the Role The Managing Director of New Solutions reports to the Sen… ,Technology
1401,WSJ News Exclusive | Supply-Chain Technology Provider Project44 Gains $100 Million in New Backing ,Technology
1402,WSJ News Exclusive | Supply-Chain Technology Provider Project44 Gains $100 Million in New Backing ,Technology
1403,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1404, Security force need to use Smart Technology  to Identify location Position and advanced alert and… ,Technology
1405,"OPEN REVIEW: Zorach Glaser, PhD spent decades archiving studies that examine link between certain health issues + exposure to microwave + radio frequencies. Scholars + the public are now invited to help review his documents. #5G #wireless #TheDefender ",Technology
1406,Could #blockchain #technology clean up #corruption in the #halal industry?  #smartcontracts… ,Technology
1407,“SolarWinds to be Acquired by Silver Lake”  “Silver Lake is the global leader in technology investing [...] The firm’s current portfolio includes leading technology and technology-enabled businesses such as [...] SunGard [...]”    ,Technology
1408,BIG picture. Eisenhower's Military Industrial Complex rejected Pleiadian help in favor of dark ET technology.  That doesn't mean #GalacticFederation stopped meeting with White Hats.  NSA Q-Group handles ET contact Military Intelligence + Angelic Assistance Biblical + New Age WRWY ,Technology
1409,Custom card prototypes of scratch off technology. These are real scratch offs 😎👍  Brooks Robinson #Orioles and Willie Stargell #Pirates are $12 each plus $3.95 BMWT. DM for PP invoice 🙂 ,Technology
1410,     Hydrogen Fuel Cell Technology for the Sustainable Future of Stationary Applications ##mdpienergies via  ,Technology
1411,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1412,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach."" ",Technology
1413,No more iron ore for China ScoMo! Your greed can not allow this risk to our nation to go on! I always thought you a… ,Technology
1414,"Today as you know is #NationalFarmersDay. Let's pledge on this day to help Farmers as much as possible &amp; guide them by explaining modern technology which can help them, as being done by  with the pious guidance of Saint  Ji. ",Technology
1415,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1416,"   Need more details. Says they write their own ""core technology"". But they're in 40… ",Technology
1417,Experience #SoundNirvana with the Global No.1 Soundbar. Its acoustic beam technology mixes and delivers panoramic sound while the Q-symphony feature syncs the Soundbar with your Samsung QLED TV for a new level of acoustic immersion. Know more:  #Samsung ,Technology
1418,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1419,Who is known as 'the father of Indian missile technology'? A) Dr. U.R. Rao B) Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam C) Dr. Chidambaram D) Dr. Homi Bhabha THE RUBINA SHOW   ,Technology
1420,PUBG in touch with Google for its early release in India – check latest update | Technology News ,Technology
1421, Maybe amado has some how found a way to store karma using the technology he has built and has been… ,Technology
1422,"“Humans ‘Update’ Through Light.”  -Multiple Meanings  Recurring Theme  If humans can do it, why can’t the gods?  Bi… ",Technology
1423,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1424,🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸new technology coming out🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸Thanks PRESIDENT TRUMP 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸covfefe 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,Technology
1425,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1426,Sharing my take on technology and life thereafter my FB post dated 25-8-2019  Is too much dependency on technology… ,Technology
1427,"School SMS technology website is online,    Services included Smart Attendance System and Li… ",Technology
1428,Apply Now |  Information Technology Assistant ,Technology
1429,#Extend_Due_Dates_Immediately  Site is not working. An humble suggestion. Prioritise your efforts on creating a better technology infrastructure rather than publishing the statistics. #Extend_Due_Dates #Extend_Due_Dates_Immediately #ExtendDueDate ,Technology
1430,Recommended Reading: The best long-form stories of 2020 ,Technology
1431,"Rumor: Apple working on an electric car by 2024 with ""next gen battery technology""  If it's true, I'm thinking it will probably 1: Be extremely expensive 2: Debut with plans for a charging network 3: Have the best software in any car 4: Only have lightning ports inside",Technology
1432,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1433,"Article ""Screw-type Technology for Economical Ship Unloading"" by P. Göransson –  ; published in bulk solids handling Vol. 28 (2008), now available on , , #sipunloader, #drybulk, #bulkmaterials ",Technology
1434,"ISRO has made space grade lithium-ion batteries and this technology is useful for mass adoption of electric vehicle"", K Shivan noted  ",Technology
1435,"OPEN REVIEW: Zorach Glaser, PhD spent decades archiving studies that examine link between certain health issues + exposure to microwave + radio frequencies. Scholars + the public are now invited to help review his documents. #5G #wireless #TheDefender ",Technology
1436,The decision factors into choosing your Tech Stack:   Great article with insightful suggestions.  #software #programming #frontend #backend #techstrategy #architecture #opensource #products,Technology
1437,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1438,CCP &amp; Space.  Squeeze them Financially and Technology Support to CCP.  Extract all CCP personals from US soil.  We Are At War With CCP. ,Technology
1439,"Balancing #AI Courses and Real-World Projects, Mindset, and Securing an #NVIDIA Internship    #aiforgood #aijobs #datascientist #jobs #technology",Technology
1440,The latest The Technology Daily!  Thanks to   #technology #leusm,Technology
1441,Migrating workloads from legacy systems to an enterprise open source database technology like Postgres is a number choice for many enterprises. Learn why:   #postgres #sql #legacysystems #database #rdbms #opensource #technology ,Technology
1442,China will create a national technology safety management mechanism: Xinhua ,Technology
1443,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1444,"Prototype custom card of cut out ""pseudo-graph"" technology...  Simulated cut auto of Jackie Robinson #Dodgers is $15 +$3.95 BMWT. DM for PP invoice 👍 ",Technology
1445,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1446,Happy Holidays from all of us at PAX.  #PAXlife #PAXEraPro #PAX3 #PAXera #design #style #innovation #lifestyle #instatech #tech #technology #techy #device #creativity #creators #musthave #vaporizer #vaporizers #paxvapor #21+ ⁠ ,Technology
1447,"SteraMist is a high-level cold plasma disinfection technology that leaves no residues or toxic byproducts and requires no mixing, wiping, or rinsing. Contact us now to learn more!",Technology
1448,"mRNA technology may be cool and stuff, but that doesn't mean I want to be a guinea pig for it.",Technology
1449,"OPEN REVIEW: Zorach Glaser, PhD spent decades archiving studies that examine link between certain health issues + exposure to microwave + radio frequencies. Scholars + the public are now invited to help review his documents. #5G #wireless #TheDefender ",Technology
1450,#Extend_Due_Dates_Immediately  Site is not working. An humble suggestion. Prioritise your efforts on creating a better technology infrastructure rather than publishing the statistics. #Extend_Due_Dates #Extend_Due_Dates_Immediately #ExtendDueDate ,Technology
1451,*Extension Required* Extend Due Date of filing Income-tax Return and Tax audit for AY 2020-21 to 31-03-2021. Due to… ,Technology
1452,Who is known as 'the father of Indian missile technology'? A) Dr. U.R. Rao B) Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam C) Dr. Chidambaram D) Dr. Homi Bhabha THE RUBINA SHOW   ,Technology
1453,Artificial Intelligence Classifies Supernova Explosions with Unprecedented Accuracy By training a machine learning… ,Technology
1454,Now who told you this?,Technology
1455,Have you received any new gadgets or technology as gifts this #Christmas? Dr Jason Nurse () of  and  has shared his expertise on how to set up new devices safely and securely. ,Technology
1456,This.,Technology
1457,Artificial Intelligence Classifies Supernova Explosions with Unprecedented Accuracy By training a machine learning model to categorize supernovae based on their...  #technology #Innovation #tech   #techblog,Technology
1458,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1459,#Nuro set to be California's first driverless delivery service ,Technology
1460,Certainly  right Technology allows Bad Actors to do all kinds things online trick Damn Morons but 100+ yrs… ,Technology
1461,Sharing my take on technology and life thereafter my FB post dated 25-8-2019  Is too much dependency on technology right? We are already facing the consequences.  Share your views.   I raise my request for #Extend_Due_Dates_Immediately with it.  ,Technology
1462,"OPEN REVIEW: Zorach Glaser, PhD spent decades archiving studies that examine link between certain health issues + exposure to microwave + radio frequencies. Scholars + the public are now invited to help review his documents. #5G #wireless #TheDefender ",Technology
1463,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1464,Do you need more proof Joe Biden is a corrupt senile moron,Technology
1465,Need a good documentary for your Boxing day??  👇🏼👇🏼👇🏼 Look to the Star Wars collection for one of the largest disclosures of advanced technology and oddly distant world's that actually exist in a not too far distant galaxy   #MayTheForceBeWithYou,Technology
1466,"Great piece. And if California and its local politics are the future of America, God help us.",Technology
1467,Smart live learning software has functionality for teacher to take online classes. #Pakistan,Technology
1468,My biggest creative game-changer:  30-minute morning walks with no technology.  I recently added it to my morning r… ,Technology
1469,"OPEN REVIEW: Zorach Glaser, PhD spent decades archiving studies that examine link between certain health issues + exposure to microwave + radio frequencies. Scholars + the public are now invited to help review his documents. #5G #wireless #TheDefender ",Technology
1470,My parents always need my help with technology &amp; it’s so annoying lol,Technology
1471,"Not great for Great Lakes fishes (Lake Trout, Whitefish, Cisco) who need ice cover to protect incubating eggs!",Technology
1472,Ericsson and Singtel are accelerating their 5G partnership in Singapore through the deployment of 5G technology ena… ,Technology
1473,"Thanks for your worthy support in the year, 2020.   The Christmas is a date of peace and love. For that reason, on this special date we want to express you our best wishes of success for the incoming year. Happy Yuletide Season.  #christmas #love #technology #MerryChristmas ",Technology
1474,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1475,"OPEN REVIEW: Zorach Glaser, PhD spent decades archiving studies that examine link between certain health issues + exposure to microwave + radio frequencies. Scholars + the public are now invited to help review his documents. #5G #wireless #TheDefender ",Technology
1476,"OPEN REVIEW: Zorach Glaser, PhD spent decades archiving studies that examine link between certain health issues + exposure to microwave + radio frequencies. Scholars + the public are now invited to help review his documents. #5G #wireless #TheDefender ",Technology
1477, Exactly! Intelligent machines need to be able to create other machines and code without human guida… ,Technology
1478,Good job I've got my son  at home for Xmas he's just turned me into  v  I… ,Technology
1479,#Extend_Due_Dates_Immediately  Site is not working. An humble suggestion. Prioritise your efforts on creating a better technology infrastructure rather than publishing the statistics. #Extend_Due_Dates #Extend_Due_Dates_Immediately #ExtendDueDate ,Technology
1480,“Mr. Xi pointed to [the early 19th century philanthropic industrialist] Zhang [Jian] as a role model and urged them… ,Technology
1481,3 crew members suffered an engine issue ? ,Technology
1482,My nanny got me a lounge wear set from misguided and when she was giving it to me she was like i sent off for this… ,Technology
1483,"Scarcity is a lie, a political invention used to cover up vast reserves of capital &amp; technology facilitating the enrichment of the few &amp; justifying the pain &amp; dispossession of so many others. Our present reality is mass abandonment amid abundance.  ",Technology
1484,"OPEN REVIEW: Zorach Glaser, PhD spent decades archiving studies that examine link between certain health issues + exposure to microwave + radio frequencies. Scholars + the public are now invited to help review his documents. #5G #wireless #TheDefender ",Technology
1485,"Reform the political military industrial complex. Stop spending money on things we don’t need. Rebuild our manufacturing, infrastructure, science and technology and build a secure nationwide 5G network. Send American kids to school, not War.",Technology
1486,Try our Information Security Awareness Nano Videos for free.     #cybersecurity #hacking #technology #infosec #hack #cyber #iot #privacy #cyberattack #cybercrime #data #hacked #ai #datasecurity #gdpr #security #Apple #Fraud #phishing #Malware #Ransomware ,Technology
1487,"UCB Assistive Technology Grants: Financial assistance 4Blind/VIP 2acquire assistive tech. Like a Braille Embosser, a computer with voice or screen enlargement, special magnifiers, digital recorders, talking GPS etc..  ",Technology
1488,Get back in the field nigger boy,Technology
1489,Who is known as 'the father of Indian missile technology'? A) Dr. U.R. Rao B) Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam C) Dr. Chidambaram D) Dr. Homi Bhabha THE RUBINA SHOW   ,Technology
1490,• Just Like New Technology Used In  Films #Masss Had Helium Baloon Light &amp; World Largest Crane Starda | #KollywoodRulerSURIYA,Technology
1491,Can Space Technology Make Africa A Better Place For All?  ,Technology
1492,Agree with this. Not to mention changing laws have made it easier to raise money from a wider range of investors as… ,Technology
1493,Apple is lobbying against a bill aimed at stopping forced labor in China   ,Technology
1494,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1495,"Really love this Derrida essay, which explores language, gesture, technology, affirmation, etc. in Ulysses. Molly B… ",Technology
1496,   No abnormalities. Fake News!  has been lying since… ,Technology
1497,"""The innovativeness and the way that technology gets adopted in India makes a case for very rapid introduction of… ",Technology
1498,They are morons. Vaccines are public good and individuals need to be incentivised to get themselves vaccinated. Tec… ,Technology
1499,Amazon says work on Marathi language has already begun after MNS goons attack warehouse ,Technology
1500,  The result of Nixon’s visit was just the us lifting some trade restrictions so China… ,Technology
1501, USAF has contracts with AT&amp;T to test 5G applications within their weapon systems. If the Nashville l… ,Technology
1502,*Extension Required* Extend Due Date of filing Income-tax Return and Tax audit for AY 2020-21 to 31-03-2021. Due to Covid 19        plz give some time #Extend_Due_Dates ,Technology
1503,  None of mine live at home any more and the only earpbuds I have are either lightning or bluet… ,Technology
1504,How to Install lsb_release on Ubuntu and CentOS! #CentOS #CentOS7 #ubuntu #lsb #technology #tech #Cheatsheet #HowTo… ,Technology
1505,• Just Like New Technology Used In  Films #Masss Had Helium Baloon Light &amp; World Largest Crane Starda |  #KollywoodRulerSURIYA,Technology
1506,"OPEN REVIEW: Zorach Glaser, PhD spent decades archiving studies that examine link between certain health issues + exposure to microwave + radio frequencies. Scholars + the public are now invited to help review his documents. #5G #wireless #TheDefender ",Technology
1507,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1508,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1509," and I contributed our piece, Bad Buddhists, Good Robots: Techno-Salvationist Designs for Nirvana, on the… ",Technology
1510,• Just Like New Technology Used In  Films #Masss Had Helium Baloon Light &amp; World Largest Crane Starda | #Ko…,Technology
1511,#TransformingLives  Smart Cities Mission is leading sustainable &amp; inclusive development of Indian cities with the ultimate goal of enhancing the quality of life by harnessing technology. Explore more:   #SustainableDevelopment #InvestInIndia ,Technology
1512,Test G-Technology Armor Lock ,Technology
1513,DeepMind's AI agent MuZero could turbocharge YouTube 🤔 ,Technology
1514,My first column since July 1. “A look beneath the surface shows a deeper and more troubling trend for both the government and the entrepreneurs who powered the country out of its economic dark ages over the past four decades.” An important moment for China ,Technology
1515,"Reform the political military industrial complex. Stop spending money on things we don’t need. Rebuild our manufacturing, infrastructure, science and technology and build a secure nationwide 5G network. Send American kids to school, not War.",Technology
1516,"~He wanted safe payment method, created #Paypal  ~He wanted to drive electric car, created #Tesla  ~He wanted to go to space, created #SpaceX  ~He wanted faster transportation, created #Hyperloop  Technology and innovation is Elon Musk's addiction.  ",Technology
1517,"What would this technology be called if you put the UV light on some sort of device that could be inserted directly into lungs? Answer: If you watch CNN, it's called ""drinking bleach.""",Technology
1518,Delivered a special lecture arranged under the Institution's Innovation Council (IIC) at the Department of Food Tec… ,Technology
1519,The latest The Accounting Daily!  Thanks to  #technology #marketing,Technology
1520,• Just Like New Technology Used In  Films #Masss Had Helium Baloon Light &amp; World Largest Crane Starda | #Ko…,Technology
1521,"My dream: Urban areas w/small farms thoughtfully distributed throughout to provide the bulk of produce, meat &amp; dair… ",Technology
1522,How Singapore is using tech and foliage (it’s planting a million trees this decade) to keep temperatures down.  ,Technology
1523,"Kirby, Micron Magic Hepa Filtration with MicroAllergen Technology Vacuum Bags Pack of 6  ... ",Technology
1524,Apple is lobbying against a bill aimed at stopping forced labor in China  ,Technology
1525,"OPEN REVIEW: Zorach Glaser, PhD spent decades archiving studies that examine link between certain health issues + exposure to microwave + radio frequencies. Scholars + the public are now invited to help review his documents. #5G #wireless #TheDefender ",Technology
1526,#ICYMI: The #FBI announced that Xinjiang Jin is wanted for allegedly conspiring to use a U.S. technology company's systems to censor the political and religious speech of U.S.-based individuals at the behest of the Chinese government. #WantedWednesday  ,Technology
1527,"by collaborating with Arc System Works manufacturing technology, I'm excited to be able to deliver the best game.  And 8ing, which is familiar with fighting game production, also participated in the development of this work. (continued)",Technology
1528,The latest The Web design Daily!  #technology #success,Technology
1529,"Please retweet to help Thor find a home #Cheltenham🇬🇧  Loving Malamute aged 8 looking for adult home with a garden as only pet, on pain medication unable to do long walks, condition well managed, please share to help?❤️👇    #dogs #dogsoftwitter  #pets #UK ",Pets
1530,Do you have pets? THE RUBINA SHOW,Pets
1531,"Be Kind To Atheist. They the ones that will be taking care of your pets after you're ""Raptured"" ",Pets
1532,"My mom, elderly,older, ill, physically challenged, recuperating, grotesque,  is the hater, jealouses, bully, harass… ",Pets
1533,Do you have pets? THE RUBINA SHOW,Pets
1534,*somebody calls her babies ‘pets’*  jeongyeon: mf they’re my CHILDREN ,Pets
1535,"Please retweet to help Jana find a home #SUFFOLK #IPSWICH 🇬🇧 Suffered from cruelty but amazingly still loves people and human company, aged 10, can live with children aged 12+ as only pet, not keen on other dogs, see details💔👇✅   #dogs #pets #animals #UK ",Pets
1536,"Please retweet to help Archie find a home #HAMPSHIRE 🇬🇧  Lovely #Doberman aged 1 arrived due to welfare concerns, looking for experienced adult home as only pet, see details or retweet to help?❤️  #BoxingDay #animals #pets ",Pets
1537,"Please RETWEET to help Ricki find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧  He's been in the shelter 3 YEARS, waiting for experienced adult home, he's much loved at the shelter and they would love to see him find that special someone, see full details💔    #dogs #animals #pets ",Pets
1538,"Lilo is 95 years old, sitting in a wheelchair on her porch, slowly stroking Stitch as they watch the hawaiian sun sink below a rainbow horizon. She smiles and takes a deep breath. The gentle pets stop and Stitch knows what he’s always known: that an ohana never lasts forever.",Pets
1539,"Please retweet to help Jess find a home #Hampshire🇬🇧  Aged 2 looking for an adult home with large breed experience, only pet, knows commands, please see full details of share to help?⭐️❤️👇   #dogs #pets #animals #dogsoftwitter #AdoptDontShop ",Pets
1540,Feeding my pets. ,Pets
1541,The grinch had it right: avoid people and stay home to eat food with your dog/pets.,Pets
1542,"Get this to $500.   Cashed out at $1k earlier today from My good pets sending Christmas tributes, and now this ugly number is sitting here. Fix it. ",Pets
1543,"Americans spend over 72 billion dollars a year on their pets, it's a huge business, which is why this is the right time to launch my podcast on the pet economy we're calling it ""Barketplace""",Pets
1544,"Please retweet to help Buster find a home #NORFOLK🇬🇧  SBT Cross aged 10, had a hard past, looking for loving adult home as only pet, own secure garden, enjoys training, see details ❤️👇   #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets #AdoptDontShop ",Pets
1545,#Adoptmetrades #adoptmegiveaways #adoptmeoffer #adoptmetradings #adoptmetraders #adoptme #Adoptmetrade… ,Pets
1546,"Please retweet to help Axel find a home #CAERNARFON #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿  Aged 21, narrowly avoided meat plant, lovely character, Dartmoor pony, looking for loving experienced home 💔    #horses #ponies #BoxingDay #animals #pets ",Pets
1547," We all know in hearts,the clear&amp;honest winner for 2020 election is  … ",Pets
1548,An A+ thread,Pets
1549,"Please retweet to help Brucie find a home #BRIDGEND #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Aged 3, been in the shelter a long time, needs confidence building, quiet adult home as only pet,  big loveable boy please see details or share to help ❤️⭐️👇    #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets ",Pets
1550,"Please retweet to help Brucie find a home #BRIDGEND #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Aged 3, been in the shelter a long time, needs confidence building, quiet adult home as only pet,  big loveable boy please see details or share to help ❤️⭐️👇    #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets ",Pets
1551,[🍀SUPER LUCK EVENT🍀] Bubble Gum Simulator  🚨 UPDATE 67 🚨 🎄 Part 2 of the Christmas event is here! 🥚 New egg (Christ… ,Pets
1552,"Please retweet to help Tia find a home #YORKSHIRE #Rotherham #Doncaster 🇬🇧 Aged 11, can live with children aged 11+ and has lived with CATS 🐱 Loves cuddles and walks, best as only dog but ok with dogs out.❤️✅🐱🎾👇    #dogs #cats #BoxingDay #animals #pets ",Pets
1553,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals… ,Pets
1554,"Please retweet to help Brucie find a home #BRIDGEND #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Aged 3, been in the shelter a long time, needs confidence building, quiet adult home as only pet,  big loveable boy please see details or share to help ❤️⭐️👇    #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets ",Pets
1555," Falocial, the wood elf Druid, takes time to give her owlbear lots of pets and love. Listen man, if yo… ",Pets
1556,"Please RETWEET to help Ricki find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧  He's been in the shelter 3 YEARS, waiting for experienced adult home, he's much loved at the shelter and they would love to see him find that special someone, see full details💔    #dogs #animals #pets ",Pets
1557,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1558,Trading frost furry!  Lf: Other pets  IA: Frost dragon  Ngl: Amc  #royalehigh #adoptme kws: shadow bat dragon furry… ,Pets
1559,"it’s still crazy to me that out of all my tweets, this one got me the most death threats ",Pets
1560,Trading Rhd for Winter Pets Or Other.#adoptmegivaway  #adoptme #adoptmegivaway #Adoptmetrades #adoptmetrading… ,Pets
1561,"Please retweet to help Buster find a home #NORFOLK🇬🇧  SBT Cross aged 10, had a hard past, looking for loving adult home as only pet, own secure garden, enjoys training, see details ❤️👇   #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets #AdoptDontShop ",Pets
1562,"100% Biblical Proof All Dogs Have Souls &amp; Really DO Go To Heaven! In Fact, ALL Pets/Animals Will Be In Heaven!  Read the Bible verses here:   And check out this inspiring video...    #dog #cat #rabbit #bird #nature #rainbowbridge",Pets
1563,"Tom the Tabby loves the holiday! All the staff act silly, fun decorations go up that he can then knock down... it's just a blast! What did your pets get for the holidays? ",Pets
1564,"Please retweet to help Paddy find a home #LIVERPOOL 🇬🇧  Playful Akita aged 8, ok with dogs out but best as only pet in an adult as he's a big boy, likes walks, can be left for short periods, housetrained see details ⭐️👇   #dogs #BoxingDay  #animals #pets ",Pets
1565,"Please retweet to help Buster find a home #NORFOLK🇬🇧  SBT Cross aged 10, had a hard past, looking for loving adult home as only pet, own secure garden, enjoys training, see details ❤️👇   #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets #AdoptDontShop ",Pets
1566,Grabe naman kasi:  Career ✔️ Lovelife ✔️ Family ✔️ Business ✔️ Personal appearance ✔️ Skin ✔️ Pets ✔️ Social media/vlog ✔️   Special mention yung skin  😁😁😁,Pets
1567,STOP posting videos of people getting pets as gifts bc I AM crying constantly even though I KNOW these people shop instead of adopt 😤,Pets
1568, I wonder how they look as baby puppies 🥺😯😮 that's long enough for pets to have,Pets
1569,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets ,Pets
1570,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1571,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1572,"Be Kind To Atheist. They the ones that will be taking care of your pets after you're ""Raptured"" ",Pets
1573,"Please retweet to help Walter find a home #WAKEFIELD 🇬🇧  Aged 5, found poorly but better now, likes fuss and an enclosed, safe garden, good with kids aged 12+ see details or please share to help?🐱⭐️✅👇❤️    #cats #BoxingDay  #kittens #animals #pets #RSPCA ",Pets
1574,"Please retweet to help Walter find a home #WAKEFIELD 🇬🇧  Aged 5, found poorly but better now, likes fuss and an enclosed, safe garden, good with kids aged 12+ see details or please share to help?🐱⭐️✅👇❤️    #cats #BoxingDay  #kittens #animals #pets #RSPCA ",Pets
1575,"Please retweet to help Paddy find a home #LIVERPOOL 🇬🇧  Playful Akita aged 8, ok with dogs out but best as only pet in an adult as he's a big boy, likes walks, can be left for short periods, housetrained see details ⭐️👇   #dogs #BoxingDay  #animals #pets ",Pets
1576,Beautiful 💗💗💗,Pets
1577, Thankful to be with my kids hubby bro-in-law and my pets. Family is the best gift God has given us.,Pets
1578,Why are lil kids so rough wit pets,Pets
1579,Fur-st Family!   The long history of US presidents and their pets 🐶😺🐾   ,Pets
1580,"Please retweet to help Brucie find a home #BRIDGEND #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Aged 3, been in the shelter a long time, needs confidence building, quiet adult home as only pet,  big loveable boy please see details or share to help ❤️⭐️👇    #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets ",Pets
1581,Do you have pets? THE RUBINA SHOW,Pets
1582,;D teefies   #Cats #Cat #Kittens #Kitten #Kitty #Pets #Pet #Meow #Moe #CuteCats #CuteCat #CuteKittens #CuteKitten #MeowMoe     ,Pets
1583,"Please retweet to help Brucie find a home #BRIDGEND #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Aged 3, been in the shelter a long time, needs confidence building, quiet adult home as only pet,  big loveable boy please see details or share to help ❤️⭐️👇    #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets ",Pets
1584,#adoptme #adoptmetrading #adoptmetrades trading all these leg pets for group funds ngf wl:600 or 700 ill add a ride… ,Pets
1585,"Please retweet to help Daisy find a home #WestMidlands🇬🇧  Sweet #Greyhound aged 2-5, needs basic training, good to live with children aged 6+ and a similar sized dog, needs secure garden, see details ✅🐶❤️👇    #dogs #animals #pets #BoxingDay #NewYear ",Pets
1586,i like to believe that an owner resembles their pets and for me i think me and my cat basically look the same,Pets
1587,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets ,Pets
1588,"Please retweet to help Tia find a home #YORKSHIRE #Rotherham #Doncaster 🇬🇧 Aged 11, can live with children aged 11+ and has lived with CATS 🐱 Loves cuddles and walks, best as only dog but ok with dogs out.❤️✅🐱🎾👇    #dogs #cats #BoxingDay #animals #pets ",Pets
1589,Do you have pets? THE RUBINA SHOW,Pets
1590,Zoey 🐕 loves ❤️ her handmade 🤚 knit 🧶 sock 🧦 monkey 🐒 sweater 🥼  #zoey #dog #dogs #pets #fashion #animals #ldnont… ,Pets
1591,You ever think about how your pets might need glasses but you'll never ever know,Pets
1592,"  is by far my favorite Streamer. 🔥 She's funny, plays Apex, has cute pets.",Pets
1593,"Please retweet to help Daisy find a home #WestMidlands🇬🇧  Sweet #Greyhound aged 2-5, needs basic training, good to live with children aged 6+ and a similar sized dog, needs secure garden, see details ✅🐶❤️👇    #dogs #animals #pets #BoxingDay #NewYear ",Pets
1594,Happy Boxing Day! Please reply with photos of your pets in or on boxes! ,Pets
1595,"Please retweet to help Axel find a home #CAERNARFON #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿  Aged 21, narrowly avoided meat plant, lovely character, Dartmoor pony, looking for loving experienced home 💔    #horses #ponies #BoxingDay #animals #pets ",Pets
1596,"#Animal adoptions are A way of adding a loyal family member , I know we have 2 now &amp; will forever have more .",Pets
1597,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1598,jeongyeon and taylor with pets  ~an adorable thread~,Pets
1599,"Please RETWEET to help Ricki find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧  He's been in the shelter 3 YEARS, waiting for experienced adult home, he's much loved at the shelter and they would love to see him find that special someone, see full details💔    #dogs #animals #pets ",Pets
1600,"Please share to help Inky find a home #SHROPSHIRE 🇬🇧  Aged 2-5, sweet boy, loves treats which is great for training, wants adult home as only pet, has some medical issues, please see full details and contact shelter to apply👇😀❤️   #BoxingDay  #dogs #pets ",Pets
1601,"Please RETWEET to help Ricki find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧  He's been in the shelter 3 YEARS, waiting for experienced adult home, he's much loved at the shelter and they would love to see him find that special someone, see full details💔    #dogs #animals #pets ",Pets
1602,"Please retweet to help Buster find a home #NORFOLK🇬🇧  SBT Cross aged 10, had a hard past, looking for loving adult home as only pet, own secure garden, enjoys training, see details ❤️👇   #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets #AdoptDontShop ",Pets
1603,THE ART OF THE FESTIVE SEASON BY GOYARD  Discover Maison Goyard’s Holiday Gift ideas for pets: the  Voltigeur pet carrier    #goyard #sogoyard #timelessstyle #timelesscraftsmanship #theartofthefestiveseasonbygoyard ,Pets
1604,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1605,Do you have pets? THE RUBINA SHOW,Pets
1606,How am I supposed to get anything done when the pets just want to snuggle??  🐶🐱 #dogmom #dogsnuggles #catmom… ,Pets
1607,"Please retweet to help Paddy find a home #LIVERPOOL 🇬🇧  Playful Akita aged 8, ok with dogs out but best as only pet in an adult as he's a big boy, likes walks, can be left for short periods, housetrained see details ⭐️👇   #dogs #BoxingDay  #animals #pets ",Pets
1608,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1609,All of my pets seem to get potato based nicknames. Lily is “potato chip” because that bitch is salty. ,Pets
1610,"Please retweet to help Archie find a home #HAMPSHIRE 🇬🇧  Lovely #Doberman aged 1 arrived due to welfare concerns, looking for experienced adult home as only pet, see details or retweet to help?❤️  #BoxingDay #animals #pets ",Pets
1611,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets ,Pets
1612,PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT :  PLEASE do not give your pets Christmas dinner leftovers   They WILL get sick!!!  I h… ,Pets
1613,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1614,#AMTrading #adoptmetrading #adoptmeoffers #adoptmetradings #adoptmegiveaways #adoptmegiveaway #adoptmetraders… ,Pets
1615,I havent seen any psa's about it but please be careful about giving your pets your empty gift boxes this year because many companies are spraying down their boxes with disinfectant that's killing many small pets. Please be careful! ,Pets
1616,trading AM pets for RH stuff ONLY LF RH halos/rhd/sets/high demand stuff -more in thread -amc is also for trade -PLEASE NO AM STUFF (adopt me) -some stuff r only for amazingly over offers (sry) -retweets appreciated -yes this is my pic -please dont steal trades -happy holidays &lt;3 ,Pets
1617, Curtis gets up before the rest of the party (half-elf trancing) and hides shiny rocks for our party's… ,Pets
1618,"trading all of my pets, rocket stroller(rare) and bone wings(legendary) for my dream pet normal turtle my user is D… ",Pets
1619,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1620,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1621,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets ,Pets
1622,Dogs singing along with the family is a surprisingly common behavior. ,Pets
1623,Break it off! Now. Don't let your pets get involved with fleas &amp; ticks!  Stop them now and forever with on spot-on… ,Pets
1624,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets ,Pets
1625,"The advantages of keeping rabbits as pets is that they are clean, smart, cute, and soft.",Pets
1626, i wanna trade with u I am looking for a normal frost fury bc I do not have any robux I do not Have an… ,Pets
1627,"Please retweet to help Brucie find a home #BRIDGEND #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Aged 3, been in the shelter a long time, needs confidence building, quiet adult home as only pet,  big loveable boy please see details or share to help ❤️⭐️👇    #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets ",Pets
1628,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1629,"Please RETWEET to help Ricki find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧  He's been in the shelter 3 YEARS, waiting for experienced adult home, he's much loved at the shelter and they would love to see him find that special someone, see full details💔    #dogs #animals #pets ",Pets
1630, This thread looks like the straight to DVD sequel to Secret Life of Pets 😂,Pets
1631,"A cold Pacific weather system will drop highs into the mid-upper 50s next Tuesday, with lows to fall into the 30s on Wednesday morning. Some favored outlying areas will drop to near freezing so protect your pets &amp; plants! #azwx ",Pets
1632,"Be Kind To Atheist. They the ones that will be taking care of your pets after you're ""Raptured"" ",Pets
1633,Cuddling with my beautiful cat Oakley. #cats #CatsOfTwitter #pets #tortoiseshellcat #torties ,Pets
1634,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1635,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1636,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1637,Can someone help me with adopt me values? TwT (like the lowest teir pets etc..),Pets
1638,Beautiful 💗💗💗,Pets
1639,Do you have pets? THE RUBINA SHOW,Pets
1640," 250,000 robux bc I could give my freind there dream pets on adopt me!!",Pets
1641,"OMword amazing, that money will make such a difference to so many people and their pets in 2021. Huge congrats… ",Pets
1642, Unbreakable decorations are a must to anyone with pets especially cats,Pets
1643,"Trading these in Royale High LF: Robux(?), Adopt Me Pets, Halo4halo NFT: SE boots, ruffle velvet bow miniskirt  (th… ",Pets
1644,"Please retweet to help Axel find a home #CAERNARFON #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿  Aged 21, narrowly avoided meat plant, lovely character, Dartmoor pony, looking for loving experienced home 💔    #horses #ponies #BoxingDay #animals #pets ",Pets
1645,"Please retweet to help Brucie find a home #BRIDGEND #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Aged 3, been in the shelter a long time, needs confidence building, quiet adult home as only pet,  big loveable boy please see details or share to help ❤️⭐️👇    #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets ",Pets
1646,"Please RETWEET to help Ricki find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧  He's been in the shelter 3 YEARS, waiting for experienced adult home, he's much loved at the shelter and they would love to see him find that special someone, see full details💔    #dogs #animals #pets ",Pets
1647,Cats are such great pets.,Pets
1648, Nobody knows how. Maybe the pets when nobody was home?,Pets
1649,"Please retweet to help Brucie find a home #BRIDGEND #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Aged 3, been in the shelter a long time, needs confidence building, quiet adult home as only pet,  big loveable boy please see details or share to help ❤️⭐️👇    #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets ",Pets
1650,"Please retweet to help Buster find a home #NORFOLK🇬🇧  SBT Cross aged 10, had a hard past, looking for loving adult home as only pet, own secure garden, enjoys training, see details ❤️👇   #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets #AdoptDontShop ",Pets
1651,Show me your pets 🥺  I’ll start- this is Señor Noodle ,Pets
1652,Grabe naman kasi:  Career ✔️ Lovelife ✔️ Family ✔️ Business ✔️ Personal appearance ✔️ Skin ✔️ Pets ✔️ Social media/vlog ✔️   Special mention yung skin  😁😁😁,Pets
1653, *pets your head*,Pets
1654,"I wish you a very merry holidays ❤️ I hope you're taking this time to spend meaningful times with your friends and family (and pets, too!) ",Pets
1655,Trading frost furry!  Lf: Other pets  IA: Frost dragon  Ngl: Amc  #royalehigh #adoptme kws: shadow bat dragon furry frost halo 18 19 20 adopt me trading royale high rh am,Pets
1656,Good night,Pets
1657,Grabe naman kasi:  Career ✔️ Lovelife ✔️ Family ✔️ Business ✔️ Personal appearance ✔️ Skin ✔️ Pets ✔️ Social media/vlog ✔️   Special mention yung skin  😁😁😁,Pets
1658,Grabe naman kasi:  Career ✔️ Lovelife ✔️ Family ✔️ Business ✔️ Personal appearance ✔️ Skin ✔️ Pets ✔️ Social media/vlog ✔️   Special mention yung skin  😁😁😁,Pets
1659," Bonjour Katharine. From the UK, the pets control won't start before 0h00 the 1st of january. So you don… ",Pets
1660,"Please retweet to help Axel find a home #CAERNARFON #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿  Aged 21, narrowly avoided meat plant, lovely character, Dartmoor pony, looking for loving experienced home 💔    #horses #ponies #BoxingDay #animals #pets ",Pets
1661,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1662,Fur-st Family!   The long history of US presidents and their pets 🐶😺🐾   ,Pets
1663,"Please retweet to help Brucie find a home #BRIDGEND #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Aged 3, been in the shelter a long time, needs confidence building, quiet adult home as only pet,  big loveable boy please see details or share to help ❤️⭐️👇    #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets ",Pets
1664,Do you have pets? THE RUBINA SHOW,Pets
1665,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets ,Pets
1666,"Happy Boxing Day to everyone except those people taking adopted pets back to shelters after one day because they're stupid, short-sighted, irresponsible assholes.",Pets
1667,I havent seen any psa's about it but please be careful about giving your pets your empty gift boxes this year because many companies are spraying down their boxes with disinfectant that's killing many small pets. Please be careful! ,Pets
1668,"Please RETWEET to help Ricki find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧  He's been in the shelter 3 YEARS, waiting for experienced adult home, he's much loved at the shelter and they would love to see him find that special someone, see full details💔    #dogs #animals #pets ",Pets
1669,Grabe naman kasi:  Career ✔️ Lovelife ✔️ Family ✔️ Business ✔️ Personal appearance ✔️ Skin ✔️ Pets ✔️ Social media/vlog ✔️   Special mention yung skin  😁😁😁,Pets
1670,Fur-st Family!   The long history of US presidents and their pets 🐶😺🐾   ,Pets
1671,"Please remember not to gift pets this year, we are a lifetime commitment 🥺 ",Pets
1672,"I come from a family of animal lovers. We've always known what an enormous source of support &amp; comfort they can be. This year, lots of you became pet parents for the first time. My daughter &amp; canine behaviorist, Raj Mariwala describes the impact this pandemic has had on pets.",Pets
1673,Zoey 🐕 loves ❤️ her handmade 🤚 knit 🧶 sock 🧦 monkey 🐒 sweater 🥼  #zoey #dog #dogs #pets #fashion #animals #ldnont   Thanks grandma 👵❤️ ,Pets
1674,Aww❣️love to see senior animals being adopted and finding forever families to bond with. It's so sad the number of… ,Pets
1675,"Please retweet to help Archie find a home #HAMPSHIRE 🇬🇧  Lovely #Doberman aged 1 arrived due to welfare concerns, looking for experienced adult home as only pet, see details or retweet to help?❤️  #BoxingDay #animals #pets ",Pets
1676,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets ,Pets
1677,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1678,"hello! a reminder to put bells on ur cat or limit/monitor their movement outside. this notifies the cat’s presence to local wildlife in ur area. if we love our pets, we also have to love our local biodiversity &amp; do what we can protect them from being hunted by our cat. 🐈",Pets
1679,!! Buying pets for cheap prices only !! Name your price. I don't offer. Rts appreciated 🤍 Lf: good pets ,Pets
1680,Do you have pets? THE RUBINA SHOW,Pets
1681, Once my husband cleaned his glasses with the fabric of his pyjama and Vera completely freaked out. Pets can react in odd ways.,Pets
1682,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1683,Does anyone else do this to their pets or..? ,Pets
1684,"Last Friday of the Year &amp; our #Christmas #HelpFindThem Tweetathon is here again, when now we make the last concerted effort of this year to find our dear Missing Pets. Please give it your all!🎄 ",Pets
1685, It's the day when all the gift boxes from Christmas are donated to household pets so they can enjoy sitting in them.,Pets
1686,Do you have pets? THE RUBINA SHOW,Pets
1687,  i think it’s because he doesn’t want us to get too attached to any of his pets in case somet… ,Pets
1688,Singing yarge bittapa appu sir allrounder,Pets
1689,"Please retweet to help Axel find a home #CAERNARFON #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿  Aged 21, narrowly avoided meat plant, lovely character, Dartmoor pony, looking for loving experienced home 💔    #horses #ponies #BoxingDay #animals #pets ",Pets
1690, We went to the Pets At Home at that retail park a couple of weeks ago for new coats for the mutts an… ,Pets
1691,Do you have pets? THE RUBINA SHOW,Pets
1692,"They say that if you are good at something, you should never do it for free. Following that reasoning, I’ll come over and play with your pets for 20 bucks an hour.",Pets
1693,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1694,Trading frost furry!  Lf: Other pets  IA: Frost dragon  Ngl: Amc  #royalehigh #adoptme kws: shadow bat dragon furry frost halo 18 19 20 adopt me trading royale high rh am,Pets
1695,"Conservatives have always kind of hated their own politicians, they just don’t like you freaks who openly hate them… ",Pets
1696,"Hey all, Wherever you are in this wee blue ball, I hope you and your friends and family and pets are safe and well. Have a lovely day. Merry Christmas, Fran x",Pets
1697,"Please retweet to help Thor find a home #Cheltenham🇬🇧  Loving Malamute aged 8 looking for adult home with a garden as only pet, on pain medication unable to do long walks, condition well managed, please share to help?❤️👇    #dogs #dogsoftwitter  #pets #UK ",Pets
1698,I havent seen any psa's about it but please be careful about giving your pets your empty gift boxes this year because many companies are spraying down their boxes with disinfectant that's killing many small pets. Please be careful! ,Pets
1699,"it’s still crazy to me that out of all my tweets, this one got me the most death threats",Pets
1700,       Nope. Try again. They ask… ,Pets
1701,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets ,Pets
1702,Do you have pets? THE RUBINA SHOW,Pets
1703,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1704,"Please retweet to help Archie find a home #HAMPSHIRE 🇬🇧  Lovely #Doberman aged 1 arrived due to welfare concerns, looking for experienced adult home as only pet, see details or retweet to help?❤️  #BoxingDay #animals #pets ",Pets
1705,"We’re still giving away 2 #WorldofWarcraft in-game pets. Pandaren Monk (EU) &amp; Lil K.T (US) like, RT &amp; comment your… ",Pets
1706,"My in laws offered to buy a run down camper van, park it in their backyard and fill their garage with our furniture… ",Pets
1707,"Lilo is 95 years old, sitting in a wheelchair on her porch, slowly stroking Stitch as they watch the hawaiian sun sink below a rainbow horizon. She smiles and takes a deep breath. The gentle pets stop and Stitch knows what he’s always known: that an ohana never lasts forever.",Pets
1708,Thank God! Who could be so cruel???,Pets
1709,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1710,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1711,"I’m sorry but I’ll never be able to look at spies in disguise, the secret life of pets or angry birds the same.....",Pets
1712,"Please retweet to help Brucie find a home #BRIDGEND #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Aged 3, been in the shelter a long time, needs confidence building, quiet adult home as only pet,  big loveable boy please see details or share to help ❤️⭐️👇    #dogs #animals #NewYear #pets ",Pets
1713,"Please retweet to help Axel find a home #CAERNARFON #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿  Aged 21, narrowly avoided meat plant, lovely character, Dartmoor pony, looking for loving experienced home 💔    #horses #ponies #BoxingDay #animals #pets ",Pets
1714,"The caption on Jeongyeon pets' instagram:  ""Jeongyeon noona 💚 Bomb""  #TWICE #트와이스    ",Pets
1715,Do you have pets? THE RUBINA SHOW,Pets
1716,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets ,Pets
1717,"Please retweet to help Penny and Tupence find a home #Walsall 🇬🇧 Aged 6-12 months, 2 females, friendly, can live with children, outdoors or indoors.  You can enter your postcode on the RSPCA WEBSITE TO SEE RABBITS FOR ADOPTION NEAR YOU ❤️🐇👇    #pets #UK ",Pets
1718,"Please retweet to help Axel find a home #CAERNARFON #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿  Aged 21, narrowly avoided meat plant, lovely character, Dartmoor pony, looking for loving experienced home 💔    #horses #ponies #BoxingDay #animals #pets ",Pets
1719,"Most family pets got a better feed yesterday. A joke. White paper on DP delayed, no sign that any of the interim recommendations of the Day report being implemented. Roderic O'Gorman might deliver over 5 years on DP. As of today he is failing them.",Pets
1720,"Please retweet to help Axel find a home #CAERNARFON #WALES 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿  Aged 21, narrowly avoided meat plant, lovely character, Dartmoor pony, looking for loving experienced home 💔    #horses #ponies #BoxingDay #animals #pets ",Pets
1721," I'm so sorry for your loss. Our pets never stay long enough, be it 2 years or 20. They set up thei… ",Pets
1722, Can i offer am pets for nfr arctic reindeer?,Pets
1723,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets,Pets
1724,Do you have pets? THE RUBINA SHOW,Pets
1725,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets ,Pets
1726,Please retweet to help Milo find a home #LIVERPOOL🇬🇧    #dogs #NewYear #England #UK #animals #pets ,Pets
1727,And by “pets” i mean black people,Pets
1728,"  Pigeons are super under rated pets, man. My family's had pigeons for basically my whole… ",Pets
1729,"Thank you, Academic Tweeps, for all the photos of pets, esp. those in holiday clothing! #AcademicChatter #AcademicTwitter #CrimTwitter",Pets
1730,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1731,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1732,I look at mom. I admire how strong she is to get up no matter how tired she is and prepare us food on the table. May Al…,Food
1733," Notably absent in Trump's tweets:  1. Russian hacking of US 2. Terrorist attack in Nashville 3. COVID-19 deaths, infections out of control 4. Food lines, looming evictions 5. 20,000,000+ unemployed 6. Trump's defunding the military",Food
1734,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1735,"Extraordinary discovery in #Pompeii - an intact 'street food' shop with ""food in the pots"".  #RomanArchaeology #Archaeology #Archeologia #ArcheologiaRomana ",Food
1736,"By making food and other essentials more expensive we can tackle inequality, Michael Gove thinks.",Food
1737,GIVE ME FOOD OMG,Food
1738,Yep. 2020. Tory austerity. 5th richest country on this planet.,Food
1739,Archaeologists uncover ancient street food shop in Pompeii.  ,Food
1740,"#HappierWithTaehyung The true testament to Taehyung’s positive influence is how every achievement/birthday of his is celebrated by donating to charities, adopting endangered animals, building schools &amp; bridges, donating toys to kids, donating food to animal shelters ",Food
1741,Who the fuck does this???,Food
1742,"&amp; Marxist-Mulla-Missionaries r busy spreading propaganda that South India has nothing to do with Sanatan Dharm. Infact South is protector of Sanatan Dharm. When in North  Temples were destroyed by Mughals, South India's temples survived. Time for Sanatanis to visit these temple's",Food
1743,Next mission. ,Food
1744,😂😂😂not staying long at all! Lol don’t care if you said I stay on the “good side” like boy fuck you you better come… ,Food
1745,"Kinda missing all the food i had just now,,,,, ",Food
1746,Archaeologists uncover ancient street food shop in Pompeii  ,Food
1747,Next mission.,Food
1748,"If you know or see anybody who’s not fortunate enough to eat food today, Brixton Soup Kitchen’s providing free meals in the…",Food
1749,  Me. No more christmas food please.  Maybe a wafer thin mint though. 🤪merry Christmas lovel… ,Food
1750,"#HappierWithTaehyung The true testament to Taehyung’s positive influence is how every achievement/birthday of his is celebrated by donating to charities, adopting endangered animals, building schools &amp; bridges, donating toys to kids, donating food to animal shelters ",Food
1751,all tht Christmas food got me #thicc ps im in love with the mirror in my new living room #brooklyn #verseboi… ,Food
1752,Food security is a human right.,Food
1753,Somebody should bring me food na. I dey Golf estate see what we are having for Xmas. ,Food
1754,"5 rounds of food and there was still room for dessert, my tummy bloated",Food
1755,Democrats volunteer to help people in need during Christmas.  Republicans take pictures of food and big gatherings while mi…,Food
1756,Gorgeous art on a Roman fast food place in Pompeii. Can someone translate the writing above the dog? ,Food
1757,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1758,Mashed potatoes from scratch aint never miss,Food
1759,"""We breed and kill at least 100 billion animals per year for food and at least 115 million per year for research. Fishing kills 1 - 3 trillion animals per year...Building and vehicle collisions kill at least a billion animals per year.""  ",Food
1760,My boyfriend made me a skhaftin of my favourite food 🥺 I don’t know how I’m going to explain it at home but 🥰🥰🥰🥰,Food
1761, think it is a Trump Supporter  Some think it is the alt left ~  You know the folks who want to change… ,Food
1762, he's literally stirring his food bc he's about to eat it up I don't know what to tell non-cute dolls,Food
1763,Archaeologists uncover ancient street food shop in Pompeii  ,Food
1764,"The Thermopolium of #RegioV, a bar in #Pompeii, complete with an image of a Nereid riding a sea-horse, had previously been partially excavated in 2019. It now emerges in its entirety, with rich decorative still life frescoes, food residues, animal bones &amp; victims of the eruption. ",Food
1765,"Pleasing to know the far right had such AWFUL food yesterday- as white &amp; unappetising as them; as revolting as their politics (left Tommy Robinson’s grotty scran, right Darren Grimes)!  Robinson has SOME nerve complaining about prison food if that’s his idea of a special meal😱 ",Food
1766,just ran into a cute fluffy haired boy while we were picking up chinese food for our respective jewish christmas dinners and he asked for my number what in the hallmark...,Food
1767,"My mom is not rich , but I've never slept without food , shelter &amp; clothes . I'm very grateful.🙌🏾",Food
1768,"Food for thought.   “The science of cooking is not a small matter.… This art should be regarded as the most valuable of all the arts, because it is so closely connected with life.” CG 372 ",Food
1769,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1770,"I keep getting up to get food but my body is like ""no. ache time.""",Food
1771,Archaeologists uncover ancient street food shop in Pompeii.  ,Food
1772,"  This Just In: food and shelter are simply ""liabilities.""   Can you believe those poor? Sleeping inside and eating? No wonder they can't get ahead. 🙄",Food
1773," We've had a lazy morning, took the dog round the block and now....food!",Food
1774,Put the food In your mouth  Not in your story,Food
1775,"cw // mention of vomit, food   i hate that whenever i eat something and i when there’s something i hate in there i… ",Food
1776,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1777,"Extraordinary discovery in #Pompeii - an intact 'street food' shop with ""food in the pots"".  #RomanArchaeology #Archaeology #Archeologia #ArcheologiaRomana ",Food
1778,"#HappierWithTaehyung The true testament to Taehyung’s positive influence is how every achievement/birthday of his is celebrated by donating to charities, adopting endangered animals, building schools &amp; bridges, donating toys to kids, donating food to animal shelters ",Food
1779,"#HappierWithTaehyung The true testament to Taehyung’s positive influence is how every achievement/birthday of his is celebrated by donating to charities, adopting endangered animals, building schools &amp; bridges, donating toys to kids, donating food to animal shelters ",Food
1780,This is so true  . Wonder when successive governments of Karnataka will wake up to this untapped potential beyond just IT/BT. Had helped draft Tourism Vision Document under leadership of  &amp;  in 2014/15. Dunno which dustbin it rots in currently!,Food
1781,"“We acquire the rights to all these international brands and put them under one kitchen, the model didn’t have to d… ",Food
1782,"#HappierWithTaehyung The true testament to Taehyung’s positive influence is how every achievement/birthday of his is celebrated by donating to charities, adopting endangered animals, building schools &amp; bridges, donating toys to kids, donating food to animal shelters ",Food
1783,"THIS IS NOT ABOUT..MEAT OR FOOD...THIS IS ABOUT LIVES  😔🙏🏼  Daniel Andrews: Kangaroo meat approved for humans , when so many have been lost already - ¡Firma la petición!  vía ",Food
1784,"#HappierWithTaehyung The true testament to Taehyung’s positive influence is how every achievement/birthday of his is celebrated by donating to charities, adopting endangered animals, building schools &amp; bridges, donating toys to kids, donating food to animal shelters ",Food
1785,"“Every dollar spent on SNAP turns into $1.73 in economic activity, compared to $1.36 for every dollar spent on federal aid to state governments and $1.29 for every dollar allocated for a payroll tax holiday.” ",Food
1786,This is Tory Britain 2020,Food
1787,So the Polish had to come to our rescue to test the stranded drivers. We can't even cope with this . How tf do we think we can cope without the EU after Jan 1st? ,Food
1788,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1789,Archaeologists uncover ancient street food shop in Pompeii  ,Food
1790,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1791,Yo ok listen the NRE is the best shit don’t need a healer just good rep in mondstadt  Before I used healers (and th… ,Food
1792,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1793,#MysteryOf_IsaMasih  Holy bible genesis 1:30 God didn't allowed to eat meat and tolf forward that those who will kill innocent animals for food this would be countable as thier sin  Must Watch  Sadhana channel at 7:30pm ,Food
1794, think it is a Trump Supporter  Some think it is the alt left ~  You know the folks who want to change the world w/Love  #Healthcare #Cannabis as food #DirectCashRelief  Instead we get nothing for Congress but money funneled to  privatizing public services ,Food
1795, When are you open again. I need to speak with my stores food to order urgently. I've an order which has… ,Food
1796,"In #Vermont, two #ResidentOwnedCommunities are working with local organizations, and each other, to make sure everyone has access to food during the holiday season and the pandemic.   Read more:   #Coops #HousingCooperatives #BetterTogether ",Food
1797,This is Not Food Labeling  via #AcresUSA,Food
1798,Reason why I no longer have the psyche to cook. This changes in 2021 when I get a woman to be enjoying my food and… ,Food
1799,Next mission.,Food
1800," Please help and share 🙏🙏 for sure help these kids for food, health and shelter(orphan kids) maathrudevo… ",Food
1801,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1802,Overlouping like crazy. 😂  #Christmas #BoxingDay #food,Food
1803,"""People who rejoice eating are the best kinda people""  Eijaz's fondness for food is extremely endearing and relatable.  LONE LION EIJAZ ",Food
1804,Call me a socialist but I’d rather that tax payer money went to food for people who needed it and enhanced unemployment AND not to the presidents golfing habit and to protect this large adult children.,Food
1805,"🎄AC FOLLOW TRAIN🎄  cw // food  in light of the holidays, tell me your favorite holiday meal/food! Comment below, like others comments and you know the rest🥧 retweet to meet some more mooties!",Food
1806,I think so many American Women are so emotionally unstable because the food has so much extra estrogen in it.,Food
1807,"We’re so grateful for everyone’s support and kindness. In lieu of flowers, gifts, or food we’d ask people to donate in honor of Francesca to Team Beans in the PMC Winter Cycle, which donates 100% of every rider-raised dollar directly to Dana-Farber.  ",Food
1808," • Americans are suffering through COVID-19, financial loss, food insecurity, loss of homes &amp; businesses &amp; all of this is happening while  sits &amp; laughs • A vote for Loeffler or Perdue gives McConnell the power to continue laughing... • ",Food
1809,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1810," As per my survey, people consider watching movies online because the OTT platform yearly subscriptio… ",Food
1811,"Anytime there’s food to celebrate, I’m there! Happy Kwanza!  Eat curry, squash, yams &amp; bananas today!",Food
1812,✨ Chicago Food &amp; Liquor: everyone’s neighborhood staple. ✨ ,Food
1813,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1814,"Whenever I see news showing how similar messed up the UK and the US are, I think of that Murdoch documentary...how he pulled the strings on two nations voting for their own misery, as if it was a fun game to him",Food
1815,"Chocolate slim - DE, AT Lose Weight, Diet, Slim food, Health &amp; Beauty items.: Chocolate slim - DE, AT  ",Food
1816,#Tigray:  #53days of LOOTING &amp; DISPLACEMENT.  #53days of SHELLING &amp; TERROR.  #53days of NO FOOD &amp; WATER.  #53days of RAPE &amp; DEATH.  #UNSC must INTERVENE.  Please ACTIVATE #R2P         #StopWarOnTigray #R2PTigray,Food
1817,Lots of socialists crying about the bailout veto   Well now's their big chance   Practice socialism and live ten to… ,Food
1818,Archaeologists uncover ancient street food shop in Pompeii  ,Food
1819,  If people understand the price difference between wheat flour from desi flour mill and aashirwaad atta. They will come to know the battle of kisan is not for his own but for all the consumers who consumes food daily.,Food
1820,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1821,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1822,Call me a socialist but I’d rather that tax payer money went to food for people who needed it and enhanced unemployment AND not to the presidents golfing habit and to protect this large adult children.,Food
1823,"I ate a lot of food and long distance watched a terrible movie w friends. So happy y'all have kept this going. Currently at $12,010!  ",Food
1824,The city of Boston threatened a woman with a year in prison/$1000 fine because she was helping her neighbors access food. Apparently the city only changed course when the Globe caught wind of it.  ,Food
1825,"ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤ🥘 : cooking /'Kooking;/ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ一the practice or skill of preparing food by ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤcombining, mixing, and heating  ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤingredients #JJXTEENCHEF  ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ",Food
1826,Look at the force and velocity she used to eat someone else's food. But it's children we must be like to enter the kingdom of heaven???,Food
1827,Call me a socialist but I’d rather that tax payer money went to food for people who needed it and enhanced unemployment AND not to the presidents golfing habit and to protect this large adult children.,Food
1828,Y'all look at this lame bish telling other people what to do with their own money and their own products. Hey Aaron… ,Food
1829,My mom got me a food processor for Christmas and I am SO FREAKIN EXCITED ABOUT IT and that is how you know you’re a… ,Food
1830,"$2,000 Stimulus Checks Would be a Mistake: Summers  via            I guess it would be a mistake this coming from people who never had to struggle a day in your life and who are corrupt you don't worry about food housing health insurance idiot",Food
1831,"A food and drink tour of Cleethorpes, from the world’s smallest pub to cutting-edge cooking ",Food
1832,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1833,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1834,"  This is how the story always ends...... You try anything funny,I return to my father's house… ",Food
1835,MORNING EVERYONE!! I HOPE YALL HAVE A NICE DAY!! i'm really proud of all of you. and you deserve everything. eat so… ,Food
1836,"I am starting to realize that family, good food and good wine is what life is all about.",Food
1837,"The newly unearthed thermopolium, a sort of ancient 'fast food' counter, in Pompeii. ",Food
1838,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1839,Today’s food: Cheese and ham pastry nibbles Spaghetti bolognese Cheeseboard 4 chocolates (and counting),Food
1840,“Excuse me. Please to stop playing with metal/glass rectangle and to give food now” ,Food
1841,I learned if you don’t chew your food thoroughly you’ll gag,Food
1842,Polish army helping truck drivers in Kent,Food
1843,"Did I miss a hearty show of thanks from  and UKbillionaire media to the Germans who flew in food, the charities who fed trapped lorry drivers and the #poland medics who filled the massive gap in British testing and humanitarian response in Kent?",Food
1844, This is amazing omg this would be such a quality show I love learning the history of certain dishes… ,Food
1845,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1846,Proud of my wife who w other Boston residents are volunteering their time to provide food security to vulnerable families when the city isn’t. Now the city is mad that they are! If the city actually supported its residents then this wouldn’t be necessary. ,Food
1847,Mine is delivered. There were a few delivery slot shortages and just a tiny number of items unavailable. The media… ,Food
1848,Its sha always about food with you people. Beggi beggi,Food
1849,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1850,just ran into a cute fluffy haired boy while we were picking up chinese food for our respective jewish christmas dinners and he asked for my number what in the hallmark...,Food
1851,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1852,Westwood Children's Vanilla Benefitted The Food Pantry ,Food
1853,Don't forget to mention the French and Polish who cleared up your mess!!,Food
1854,"I am starting to realize that family, good food and good wine is what life is all about.",Food
1855,Archaeologists uncover ancient street food shop in Pompeii  ,Food
1856,"#MysteryOf_IsaMasih Genesis 1:29 in the Holy Bible. Then God said, listen, all the small trees with seeds are on the top of the earth and all the trees that have seeded fruits, you have given to you from your food. Holy Christianity was established from Hazrat Isa. Devotees of ",Food
1857,"It seems like a customary Jewish tradition to eat Chinese food on Christmas, but have you ever wondered where that time-honored practice came from?🧵",Food
1858,Food💦😜                      ,Food
1859,The city of Boston threatened a woman with a year in prison/$1000 fine because she was helping her neighbors access food. Apparently the city only changed course when the Globe caught wind of it.  ,Food
1860,Call me a socialist but I’d rather that tax payer money went to food for people who needed it and enhanced unemployment AND not to the presidents golfing habit and to protect this large adult children.,Food
1861,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1862,"I'm at Green Food | Health &amp; Diet in Buraydah, Al Qassim ",Food
1863,"The day I knew twitter is indeed a crazy place for stories was when I wrote i was forcing nathan to eat chips while travelling, someone replied and said ill post all the Chinese food but im feeding him chips,omo it was scary!",Food
1864,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1865,"Extraordinary discovery in #Pompeii - an intact 'street food' shop with ""food in the pots"".  #RomanArchaeology #Archaeology #Archeologia #ArcheologiaRomana ",Food
1866,Archaeologists uncover ancient street food shop in Pompeii  ,Food
1867,Love to see it myself. Amazing.,Food
1868,"Inter-Ministerial Approval Committee (IMAC) under the chairmanship of Union Minister   approves 28 Food Processing projects worth over ₹320 crores under the CEFPPC Scheme  The projects are likely to generate employment for nearly 10,000 people.   ",Food
1869,"  Starting cooking pies/stews for my youngest son, who has been in contact with a COVID +ve… ",Food
1870, saw a fat woman at Whole Foods with a cart full of junk food lol how the hell you get junk food out of Whole Foods lol...,Food
1871,Look at the force and velocity she used to eat someone else's food. But it's children we must be like to enter the kingdom of heaven???,Food
1872,"Billionaires gained $1 trillion in 2020, the most in any year ever  Meanwhile, lines for food banks are the longest on record  I'm no expert but that might be evidence trickle-down economics doesn't work  What did Congress pass? A stimulus bill that's 84% trickle-down economics",Food
1873,MORE RENHYUCK FOOD,Food
1874,Next mission.,Food
1875,not this food discourse on my tl again smh,Food
1876," Great! Quiet, hearing birds sing outside, a clean home, good food, Zooming w out of state family...it was good!🎄✨",Food
1877,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1878, Food,Food
1879,"I don’t know if Trump is thinking about spite, revenge, or a 2024 campaign, but he’s definitely not thinking about the millions of Americans who are about to have to choose between food, medicine, and rent. Only 25 more days of this jerk. ",Food
1880, Did you eat Chinese food yesterday? #ChopstickDick,Food
1881,Do you have any idea what that muffler smells like after a whole day of sitting and eating Italian food? You don’t know what life is until you inhale a mozzarella fart ...........Tremendous......,Food
1882,Your words are my food your breath my wine You are everything to me #AbrutiWinningHearts,Food
1883,The lawyer issues that should be highlighted in #SCBA elections  1. Minimum Wages for young lawyers 2. Mental Health Guidance  3. Legal Brief Writing Sessions 4. Expedited Chamber Allotments   Lawyer issues which get traction  1. Badminton/Cricket Tournament  2. Canteen Food Menu,Food
1884,Interesting food for thought about the Nashville blast.,Food
1885,"It seems like a customary Jewish tradition to eat Chinese food on Christmas, but have you ever wondered where that time-honored practice came from?🧵",Food
1886,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1887,"Billionaires gained $1 trillion in 2020, the most in any year ever  Meanwhile, lines for food banks are the longest on record  I'm no expert but that might be evidence trickle-down economics doesn't work  What did Congress pass? A stimulus bill that's 84% trickle-down economics",Food
1888,cw // food  [201226] RJ   Pizza time with JS 🍕 ,Food
1889,"This is what happens when Democrat governors all over the country shut down businesses, except those of the very ri… ",Food
1890,"Dickensian.  Benwell, Newcastle, Christmas Eve. Residents queue at the local food bank to help them through Christmas.   After 10 years of Tory rule this is not levelling up.  ",Food
1891,Archaeologists uncover ancient street food shop in Pompeii  ,Food
1892,I’m rocking my food baby to sleep tonight. Merry Christmas 🤰🏼🎄,Food
1893,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1894,I could go for this right about now #prelunch #foodie #food ,Food
1895,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1896,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1897,Merry :3 Christmas 🌲🍓  hope you all uwu have a nice night and tasty food!💗  My 🅾️F gonna be %20 off for a weeks to celebrate :3 💜 ,Food
1898,"moje kamaradka rekla ""if the food is beautiful why would it make you ugly"" a myslim na to",Food
1899,No mention of the Polish doctors who came over on buses and worked so hard to speed up the testing. Nor of the Sikh communities who provided hot food for the  stranded drivers. Nor of the French firefighters who provided 10k testing kits. ,Food
1900,I know these are not the Quinque Viae but I'm no St. Thomas Aquinas; simple as my arguments are I hope they either… ,Food
1901, I think of it every time I see the line for food.,Food
1902,"In January, when the pandemic was first unfolding in Wuhan, millions of people — and pet owners — found themselves suddenly locked out of their city. Armed with PPE, a list of addresses, and cat food, Shuai Lihua came to the rescue.  ",Food
1903,"Chocolate slim - DE, AT Lose Weight, Diet, Slim food, Health &amp; Beauty items.: Chocolate slim - DE, AT  ",Food
1904,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1905,"taurus - mga sabogerz  - mostly nakakavibe nyo is aries - artistic/musically talented - masarap kumain, they love food sm - MAINGAY TO - they r so attractive 🤌 - fucked up sleep sched nyo noh - humble - ur love language is physical touch - u give da best hugs",Food
1906,just ran into a cute fluffy haired boy while we were picking up chinese food for our respective jewish christmas dinners and he asked for my number what in the hallmark...,Food
1907," I'm from medellin height 6' 2"" My shoes 11"". You can give me clothes, money to buy food for my fami… ",Food
1908,"A recent example is a seller advertising 100 pieces of a sealable food container. But you only get 50 delivered when you pay for 100, because they are counting the lids separately!",Food
1909,// food - - - - the good batch of scones is ready :D ,Food
1910,Archaeologists uncover ancient street food shop in Pompeii  ,Food
1911, I ordered Chinese food from Moon Wok. Worst Chinese food I've ever ordered. Total disappointment.,Food
1912,hey y'all - a black woman will be spending Christmas outside in 6 degree weather with no food or family. i know it's been a difficult year for everyone but anything helps towards her getting a place to stay and food to eat tonight 💛  venmo - $yauniexo cashapp - $yauniexx,Food
1913,  I just want you to know that’s the worst name for a food item I’ve ever heard,Food
1914,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1915,Democrats volunteer to help people in need during Christmas.  Republicans take pictures of food and big gatherings while mi…,Food
1916,just ran into a cute fluffy haired boy while we were picking up chinese food for our respective jewish christmas dinners and he asked for my number what in the hallmark...,Food
1917,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1918,". failed to account for cumulative effect of chemicals on health, esp those already facing significant health + socio-economic disparities +  #children who are uniquely susceptible to dietary exposures from multiple chemicals #BigFood #TheDefender ",Food
1919, I cooked the meal in its entirety. I'm used to bringing a dish or two as Rosa always cooked most of th… ,Food
1920,"Wishing all my friends a happy Boxing Day - if Boxing Day isn’t celebrated where you are, it’s basically Christmas Day II with cold food in place of a roast dinner.",Food
1921,Please do not give people in need expired food. Please.,Food
1922,This has to be just for Tiktok because how do you wait until Christmas EVE to sit there and complain that your part… ,Food
1923,lrts thank you for the food ,Food
1924," You hit the nail on the head Rufus.  Roof over my head, food in my belly, a family that I love abo… ",Food
1925,"remember kids: if you see someone shoplifting food, no you didn't.",Food
1926, Many families are going without food or waiting hours on line. Have you no shame “senator”?,Food
1927,Archaeologists uncover ancient street food shop in Pompeii.  ,Food
1928,"#HappierWithTaehyung The true testament to Taehyung’s positive influence is how every achievement/birthday of his is celebrated by donating to charities, adopting endangered animals, building schools &amp; bridges, donating toys to kids, donating food to animal shelters ",Food
1929,When gf leaves you after breakup but you order her fav food: #SandwichedForever ,Food
1930,just ran into a cute fluffy haired boy while we were picking up chinese food for our respective jewish christmas dinners and he asked for my number what in the hallmark...,Food
1931,"I helped my intubated #COVID19 patient FaceTime with her husband and kids for Christmas. When we reached them, the family was in a large group at some friends’ house. I don’t understand how you still ignore all precautions when your spouse has been proned &amp; paralyzed &amp; vented. 🤯",Family
1932,"Imagine waking up in a resort you owned, surrounded by your family, while millions spend holidays alone, and having just spent 4 years doing a job you had no aptitude for, or interest in, and still complaining and attacking. You can’t buy class or happiness. ",Family
1933," well if you upload a pic like this, you kinda ask for it, you wanna show off your family's money any… ",Family
1934, Drain the swamp?,Family
1935,Family neelofa punya google search be like : ,Family
1936,not even joking can’t wait for the day I have my own little family at Christmas time,Family
1937,your girlfriend has a scar on her face and your family pretty much points it out and calls her ugly on christmas...… ,Family
1938,Merry Christmas from our little family 🎄☺️❤️ ,Family
1939,I won’t apologise for sharing this again because everyone needs to see it.   It’s 1.30am and Israeli soldiers make their way in to your home with the  intention of utterly terrifying your family. The calmness of this Palestinian family is quite incredible. ,Family
1940,"Me: Don’t buy Oscar a whole bunch of presents, he doesn’t need them.  My family: ",Family
1941,At midnight tonight my isolation period ends and that means as soon as the clock strikes 12 I’m driving home to see… ,Family
1942,I miss *this* Family Guy. ,Family
1943,"Our whole family is with you.  &amp; the  won’t defend , we won’t ever vote republican again. ",Family
1944,"Gulf will spend time on New Year Eve at home with family. The previous countdown plan was cancelled. He want fans, those who live far away as well as inter fans to take care of your health. He love all phi phi fans. 💕  🥰   #GulfKanawut #ลูกบอลของคุรบิ๊กกลัฟ ",Family
1945,Merry Christmas ONLY to the people who are the disappointment of the family,Family
1946,#3GoodThings - 1. Japan releases plan for getting to carbon neutral by 2050. ()  2. Vegetari… ,Family
1947,Family funeral,Family
1948,"what about the other officers who all showed up and watched Hill die in that garage without rendering aid or getting a medic?  also, generally, what about you?",Family
1949,Wish You A Happy #Kwanzaa   May this Kwanzaa be an especially meaningful one for your whole beautiful family.  BUY From   % of $ sales will support pet rescue.   #dogs #dogsoftwitter #doggy #likeforfollow #pets  #weekendvibes #Kwanzaa2020 #followforfollow ,Family
1950,Thank you!,Family
1951,LMAO he threw his wife under the bus ,Family
1952,"Imagine waking up in a resort you owned, surrounded by your family, while millions spend holidays alone, and having just spent 4 years doing a job you had no aptitude for, or interest in, and still complaining and attacking. You can’t buy class or happiness. ",Family
1953,my biggest flex is having a family you would actually want to marry into,Family
1954,lemme joke about ur family,Family
1955,"Imagine waking up in a resort you owned, surrounded by your family, while millions spend holidays alone, and having just spent 4 years doing a job you had no aptitude for, or interest in, and still complaining and attacking. You can’t buy class or happiness. ",Family
1956,"Fuck the presents, I’m grateful my family still breathing.....",Family
1957,"I’ll eat your pussy🤫and then go eat dinner with your family and when your mom ask me do I like what she made, I’ll lick my lips and say “yes ma’am” 😂😂🙃☺️ ",Family
1958,I think of empathy as a series of concentric circles. Some people can feel empathy only for their immediate circle: family and friends. Some go out to the next circle: neighbors. Others go to more advanced levels. But couldn't we all benefit from leaping to the next circle out?,Family
1959,⚽️I get to spend time with family~ It’s been awhile countdown  🗣You don’t have any schedule?  ⚽️Actually I have but they cancelled it~ #GulfKanawut   ,Family
1960,Merry Christmas Eve to the  family🎄🎅🥰 #iloveheartland        ,Family
1961,Y’all her ex called at Christmas dinner and her family passed the phone around ,Family
1962,You need to stay home and not see your family at Christmas and wear your mask or else the hospitals will be overwhelmed....,Family
1963, Thank you very much ❤️ I hope that you had a very lovely day with your family 🎅🎄,Family
1964,Sm family,Family
1965,"I would like to wish a very Merry Christmas to .   and the entire Flynn family. When I first started on Twitter full time, your family gave me something to fight for. What happened to you should never happen to another. It was a humble experience. ",Family
1966,"Yes, we are family! LONE LION EIJAZ       ",Family
1967,"someone suggested a doc martens version, and who am i to deny my goth friends and family ",Family
1968,we love you too alex❤️,Family
1969,Happy Boxing Day! We were able to spend a great afternoon with my extended family and a big zoom gathering with Kar… ,Family
1970,Sometimes you can be sad for no reason. Sometimes it can be hard to explain to your friends &amp; family that you have this heavy feeling in your chest for no reason. Sometimes you can get panic attacks out of the blue. Sometimes you dont even understand yourself. It’s gonna be okay.,Family
1971,Merry Christmas from the Sailor Moon family ,Family
1972,I think of empathy as a series of concentric circles. Some people can feel empathy only for their immediate circle: family and friends. Some go out to the next circle: neighbors. Others go to more advanced levels. But couldn't we all benefit from leaping to the next circle out?,Family
1973,Can’t wait to start my own traditions with my own little family 🥺♥️,Family
1974,Nothing will happen on Jan 6  Congress will finalize the vote.   Jan 7 Criminal state investigations continue.   Pentagon officials in early 2021 will be called to answer why they hindered Biden transition.   Trump is done. His family is done. None of them will run in 2024.,Family
1975,"Sad news about Charles Campion, the most knowledgeable, courtly and clear-eyed of colleagues around  the  critics table. He lived for his family &amp; talked about them often during breaks in filming, when he wasn’t grumbling about dessert parsley. We will miss you CC ",Family
1976,"BARACK with his half brother MALIK—-who often UNLOADS on what an aloof weirdo his brother is. But MONEY LUST runs in the family! ⁦⁩ charges CASH for EVERYTHING, with the “donate to my ‘foundation’” routine.  No thanks MALIK!  One Scamming Obama is enough for me! ",Family
1977,Yesterday was amazing. My brother-in-laws family treats me just like one of their own. Like I’ve been adopted into… ,Family
1978,"I recently became Christian, from a very atheist family, and have no idea how to pray, has anyone got any tips? I just want to build my relationship with God 🥺🥺🥺🥺",Family
1979, Merry Christmas Mr Gaughn to you and the family,Family
1980,You need to stay home and not see your family at Christmas and wear your mask or else the hospitals will be overwhelmed.... ,Family
1981,"Your love isn't an entitlement, not for your family, not for your partner, not even for your offspring. Terrible people don't deserve your loyalty or love because of blood ties, or history, or anything else.",Family
1982,"Im also tired of yall talking about your failed relationships all day, it’s the holidays. Call your family or somet… ",Family
1983, You can't pass up a little #fantasy for your holiday! The FOREVER AVALON #fantasybookseries takes you i… ,Family
1984,this is my uncle. he is like a father to me. I can’t believe all of this is happening but I need you guys’ help to spread awareness. he spent Christmas in an unknown location with no contact with any family member. we are worried sick! Please RT!  #FreeDavidSekiKiggundu 😢💔🙏🏾,Family
1985,To all our friends &amp; family around the world. Happy Festive season from Forster-Tuncurry on the Mid-North coast of… ,Family
1986,"I helped my intubated #COVID19 patient FaceTime with her husband and kids for Christmas. When we reached them, the family was in a large group at some friends’ house. I don’t understand how you still ignore all precautions when your spouse has been proned &amp; paralyzed &amp; vented. 🤯",Family
1987,"This Christmas looks different for all of us. As we spend time with those we love—in person or virtually—let us celebrate the blessings we cherish, embrace the spirit of giving, and look out for one another. From my family to yours, Merry Christmas! ",Family
1988,"(dons dashiki) Festive Kwanzaa, Mon! (twerks) ✌😎",Family
1989,"Joe’s family can’t handle any of this. Everyone knows that. STATUS and  PERKS are the last thing they need.  Yes, the media protect them, but that would change FAST to get KAMALA in there. The CONSTITUTION has a plan for the situation we are in.  NOT OVER. NOT OVER. ",Family
1990,I'm celebrating Christmas with my family.   Because I’d rather die on my feet than live on my knees.,Family
1991,"Merry Christmas 🎄 While a very different holidays season, I continue to be #grateful for family, friends and all that comes with them ❤️  Oh and, cookies, all day. Mom makes the best shortbread!🤗 ",Family
1992,"Kwanzaa is an African American and pan-African  holiday which celebrates family, community and culture. It was created in 1966 by Dr Maulana Karenga, a professor of Africana Studies. Kwanzaa, a seven-day cultural festival, begins Dec 26 and ends Jan 1.   #puzzlesofcolor #kwanzaa ",Family
1993,We are 3 and we don't have sufficient money to stay in Hotel.Our Family persons are also worried.Can I expect any s… ,Family
1994,"I helped my intubated #COVID19 patient FaceTime with her husband and kids for Christmas. When we reached them, the family was in a large group at some friends’ house. I don’t understand how you still ignore all precautions when your spouse has been proned &amp; paralyzed &amp; vented. 🤯",Family
1995,Been a customer when The Great Courses were The Teaching Company. I believe in lifetime learning big time. Link to… ,Family
1996," How many of your constituents are cold, hungry and homeless? How many of your constituents have no family to celebrate a family tradition with this year because you failed them with your response to the pandemic? How many of your constituents have empty chairs and hearts?",Family
1997,"Joe’s family can’t handle any of this. Everyone knows that. STATUS and  PERKS are the last thing they need.  Yes, the media protect them, but that would change FAST to get KAMALA in there. The CONSTITUTION has a plan for the situation we are in.  NOT OVER. NOT OVER. ",Family
1998,"God bless you, Charles Gwin . You are America.  Wake up Patriots!   Be Charles Gwin. Fight like a Flynn!    ",Family
1999,Happy &amp;Merry Christmas time all my Twitter Family ♥️♥️♥️  #AlluArjunArmyApp  #Pushpa   #MerryChristmas ,Family
2000,Merry Christmas ONLY to the people who are the disappointment of the family,Family
2001,Always putting fake propaganda and lies on others. This entire family has always worked against #Pakistan and it’s people. This is only the tip of the iceberg. A lot will be revealed about their links with #Modi’s regime in time to come. #AjmalQadriLeaks,Family
2002,my biggest flex is having a family you would actually want to marry into,Family
2003,"I had a bad dream, a nightmare of sorts where I was being attacked, physically hurt for standing up for myself and… ",Family
2004,A bomb went off on US soil on Christmas morning. People are struggling to feed their families. Everyday people are saying goodbye to loved ones due to #Covid-Your followers harassed me &amp; my family on Christmas Eve &amp; Christmas Day. Your Presidency is over  Go home.,Family
2005,I’m thankful for my family ‼️ everything real nun ever had to be sugar coated,Family
2006,"I helped my intubated #COVID19 patient FaceTime with her husband and kids for Christmas. When we reached them, the family was in a large group at some friends’ house. I don’t understand how you still ignore all precautions when your spouse has been proned &amp; paralyzed &amp; vented. 🤯",Family
2007,Please help with this family... no one should be left behind     … ,Family
2008,Merry Christmas &amp; Happy New Year To All My Twitter Family    I Hope 2021 Will Be A Year Of Change From 😭 To 😊🤗  #Pushpa #AVPLTrendOnJan11th ,Family
2009, Yep. How can he profit and grow his “empire”? That’s it. He’ll throw everyone under the bus—includin… ,Family
2010,#AlwaysWithAbijeet  u r reflection of both ur mom nd dad such a positive nd happy family🧿🧿🧿,Family
2011,"Time to increase followers of #RubiHolics  - Retweet this tweet - Follow me,  I will follow you from my all backup accounts. - Follow everyone who will retweet this tweet. - Follow back everyone who will follow you.   Grow our family now  #BBTrendMasterRubinaDilaik #RubinaDilaik",Family
2012,Family🙂 ,Family
2013,⚽️I get to spend time with family~ It’s been awhile countdown  🗣You don’t have any schedule?  ⚽️Actually I have but they cancelled it~ #GulfKanawut   ,Family
2014,  My mom did pretty good.  I was surprised! Her dressing is a family favorite and I wante… ,Family
2015,"Sometimes,I feel sorry for Neelofa, one thing I dislike about her family whenever there’s issue regarding her relationship, semua anggota keluarga drop the hint on social media it’s like they open the path to let the world know.Can't imagine the struggle to be part of her family.",Family
2016,Family neelofa punya google search be like : ,Family
2017," Dearest, Bee. Hope you had a merry Christmas with your family if you were able to get together. I wish… ",Family
2018,"because  doesn’t give a single F about you, your family or mine... -Govt runs out of Funding on Monday December 28th -unemployment benefit expire tomorrow -CDC eviction moratoriums also expire soon  Instead  golfs  ",Family
2019, Cade o family friendly?,Family
2020,lets trend beautiful family #kalbimoldun,Family
2021,Thank you! ,Family
2022,I truly cannot wait to have my own family because I’m sure going to go all out for the holidays.,Family
2023,"November saw yet another high in border apprehensions with 70,000 encounters — a 64% increase from November 2019 levels. Across the U.S. Mexico border, single adults accounted for most apprehensions at 58,500, while family unit apprehensions totaled 4,100. ",Family
2024,Can’t wait to have my own family so I can do Christmas properly,Family
2025," I want family abolition, but I wonder if the under capitalism, the agency of civic government over the or… ",Family
2026, A healthy loving family,Family
2027,Merry Christmas ONLY to the people who are the disappointment of the family,Family
2028,This article is from a wife who filed false case against her husband.  All women should read this before filing false case against your husband or his family.    #FeminismIsCancer #MenToo  #FeminismIsCancer  #NoShaktiActForMaharashtra,Family
2029, Thanks for understanding Jen xx Absolutely. Believe me - this is NO fucking holiday. You get pulled in… ,Family
2030,  Where was Melania and Barron in their Christmas family photograph?,Family
2031,dinner w boyfriend’s family on the 31st. sis malu wth,Family
2032,"Happy Birthday to our charismatic member, Josh! Remember that great things are still yet to come. We will always be together no matter what 💙  - From SB19 and your ShowBT Family  #SB19 #SB19_JOSH #JCSexiestBirthday ",Family
2033,is it gidle’s fault that clc is going through problems right now? cube didn’t do anything when shuhua’s family memb… ,Family
2034,BREAKING: Dem pollster demonstrates he can be completely wrong about things besides his party's 2020 downticket prospects.  ,Family
2035, Don’t forget to be giving us weekly updates oo. This your family sweet ,Family
2036,My family doesn't know that I drink. So now that we're drinking they kept asking me if I'm okay. Lmao. I can outlast all of you. Chz,Family
2037,"God bless you, Charles Gwin . You are America.  Wake up Patriots!   Be Charles Gwin. Fight like a Flynn!   ",Family
2038,I think of empathy as a series of concentric circles. Some people can feel empathy only for their immediate circle: family and friends. Some go out to the next circle: neighbors. Others go to more advanced levels. But couldn't we all benefit from leaping to the next circle out?,Family
2039, he look like that one guy from family guy,Family
2040,"what about the other officers who all showed up and watched Hill die in that garage without rendering aid or getting a medic?  also, generally, what about you? ",Family
2041,Holy cow! The latest  episode is a real eye opener. Reminds me of this tragic incident here in the UK wh… ,Family
2042,Family 🎄💕,Family
2043,"I helped my intubated #COVID19 patient FaceTime with her husband and kids for Christmas. When we reached them, the family was in a large group at some friends’ house. I don’t understand how you still ignore all precautions when your spouse has been proned &amp; paralyzed &amp; vented. 🤯",Family
2044,we was wilddd,Family
2045,"“...young military man” — so, clearly no one in his family.   Also, this is BS. ",Family
2046,my family                      me explaining watching                        everything i  a movie                           know about                                          the cast’s                                       personal lives ,Family
2047,The way fattah literally dodged an entire family of bullets. He’s definitely in a better place rn. The way that family would have disrespected the hell out of his entire family 😭,Family
2048,"The wooga squad never hesitate to support each other, they are a family that fit together perfectly. Always proud o… ",Family
2049,"I want to thank all #patriots and our great President,  earlier today I was thinking about taking my life. A couple hours ago, #TrumpSupporters  Literally, saved my life. I am good now. I use a walker now and was depressed family didn't call. Thanks.",Family
2050,"  He never struggled. His family was upper-middle class. His father was a national journalist, anchorman, and television host.  His Aunt was Rosemary Clooney.",Family
2051, Don’t forget to be giving us weekly updates oo. This your family sweet ,Family
2052,"  Lin, though almost 80, in a nursing home in lockdown, and a retired evangelical pastor, I do not read retirement anywhere in Bible and ready to fight for God and country if asked.  God bless. Merry Christmas to you and your family.",Family
2053,yess #kalbimoldun,Family
2054,"Elephants walking in single file isn’t a circus thing...they do it naturally in the wild.   Thank you for this video of a large family living in Kenya,  ",Family
2055, Good morning / afternoon / Evening 🌃 and a very good Night to All friends ☺️  TWEETER 👪 FAMILY INVITE U TO… ,Family
2056,"Born #OTD (26 December) in geeky history: Lars Ulrich (Dave the Barbarian), Jacqueline Steiger (Matilda), Tricia Leigh Fisher (No Ordinary Family), Caroll Spinney (Sesame Street), Victoria Racimo (Prophecy), David Sedaris (BoJack Horseman), Phil Spector (I Dream of Jeannie)... ",Family
2057,Lisa's Wezaacol family celebrated Christmas at her family's big beautiful house in Thailand. Look at those wealthy individuals with humble hearts and beautiful soul. No wonder Lisa grew up to be a sunshine to everybody💕 ,Family
2058,The one on the right must be female cuz its twerking 😂,Family
2059,[ abuse ],Family
2060,"I helped my intubated #COVID19 patient FaceTime with her husband and kids for Christmas. When we reached them, the family was in a large group at some friends’ house. I don’t understand how you still ignore all precautions when your spouse has been proned &amp; paralyzed &amp; vented. 🤯",Family
2061,"If  hadn’t slowed Trump Virus testing development, we might’ve had home tests by now, allowing us to safely see our family on Christmas. So, yes. Trump ruined Christmas. In so many ways. Shame on him forever. I hope you have the best day possible. Merry Christmas!",Family
2062,"Imagine waking up in a resort you owned, surrounded by your family, while millions spend holidays alone, and having just spent 4 years doing a job you had no aptitude for, or interest in, and still complaining and attacking. You can’t buy class or happiness. ",Family
2063,"From my family to yours, Merry Christmas ✨ ",Family
2064,"If you did not have a good family, make sure you raise one.",Family
2065, Doesn’t matter if they got anything or not. What matters is did the biden crime family become enric… ,Family
2066,"Merry Christmas to President Trump, the First Lady, and the Trump family!  God bless you!  And thank you for fighting for our country!  We Levinites stand with you! (Feel free to leave your holiday message to the Trumps below!)",Family
2067,Present generation family audience lo craze unna heros lo TOP place  babu dhe !  Discussion ledhu  Debate ledhu  UNANIMOUS 🤟🏻 ,Family
2068,When you recruit players the right way you get to know these young men and their family.  When they don’t attend your school we are expected to end those relationships per NCAA rules once they sign elsewhere.  It doesn’t happen that easily for me.  I’m heart broken. RIH 🥲,Family
2069,A bomb went off on US soil on Christmas morning. People are struggling to feed their families. Everyday people are saying goodbye to loved ones due to #Covid-Your followers harassed me &amp; my family on Christmas Eve &amp; Christmas Day. Your Presidency is over  Go home. ,Family
2070, &amp; a friendly reminder that jay introduced harry to the extended tomlinson/deakin family 🥰 ,Family
2071,Y’all her ex called at Christmas dinner and her family passed the phone around ,Family
2072,"You guys are awesome, and I know that most of my Twitter family is just as amazing.",Family
2073,Please pray for my unsaved family to come to Christ. ✝️,Family
2074,"Sometimes,I feel sorry for Neelofa, one thing I dislike about her family whenever there’s issue regarding her relationship, semua anggota keluarga drop the hint on social media it’s like they open the path to let the world know.Can't imagine the struggle to be part of her family.",Family
2075, Thank you! Same to you! Please give my regards to your family.,Family
2076,"I encourage everyone to watch The Stand! I’ve never seen reviews for a show so off. I showed my friends and family and they love it. It’s great! Don’t listen to the negative reviews, go in it for yourself and I guarantee you’ll love it! #TheStand #TheStand2020 #CBSallaccess ",Family
2077,What a beautiful sight! Ivanka Trump shares Christmas family photo ,Family
2078,⚽️I get to spend time with family~ It’s been awhile countdown  🗣You don’t have any schedule?  ⚽️Actually I have but they cancelled it~ #GulfKanawut   ,Family
2079,"Today our respected, BJP State Vice President Mr. Kanagasabhapathi ji, visited  my family and friends,  in my house… ",Family
2080,Family🙂 ,Family
2081,"Christmas 1899  Gilbert takes a moment to survey the room. He can’t help the smile that spreads across his face as he watches his family. The smile dims a bit when he sees Delly playing with her new doll, Mary should be here. His reverie is broken when she   #renewannewithane ",Family
2082,Family neelofa punya google search be like : ,Family
2083,"Sometimes,I feel sorry for Neelofa, one thing I dislike about her family whenever there’s issue regarding her relationship, semua anggota keluarga drop the hint on social media it’s like they open the path to let the world know.Can't imagine the struggle to be part of her family.",Family
2084,"I helped my intubated #COVID19 patient FaceTime with her husband and kids for Christmas. When we reached them, the family was in a large group at some friends’ house. I don’t understand how you still ignore all precautions when your spouse has been proned &amp; paralyzed &amp; vented. 🤯",Family
2085,True story: A new Muslim family just moved to town and we cooked him a meal to drop off at his house. We had just bought a pecan pie &amp; I thought about throwing it in with the meal but hesitated because I love pecan pie.,Family
2086,"Note, ""Family Time"", no fast skiing, is 1:30-4:30. The Trak closes at 6pm today.",Family
2087," Blixa, please accept my deepest condolences. I am so very sorry for your loss. Gentle hugs. Praying for you and your family. 🙏",Family
2088,"31 July when it all started and so many sting operations were done by republic team, for both Disha and SSR, the ambulance guy the attendant in Cooper where are they all ? And where is rohan rai ?  Disha’s friends should also come and speak up, she deserves love ❤️",Family
2089,Somebody stop me from eating chocolate my family got me I’m already fat as is😅,Family
2090," Hope you are coming through it Deb, the Rangers family is hear is you want to talk.",Family
2091,"  Then you must care more for yourself, to make up for their lack. Every human has a pl… ",Family
2092,"wealth cushion she has to support her, the consequences will be far, far worst. They too have lost friendships &amp; fa… ",Family
2093,Enjoyed Christmas with my family!,Family
2094,"SCOOP: Kelly Loeffler didn't disclose that a number of recent maxed-out donations came from the family that owns a multibillion-dollar government contractor whose industry she oversees. Their last name? Asplundh. The company? Asplundh. Me,  ",Family
2095,"Merry Christmas from the Savelle's Family.  ""May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit."" Romans 15:13 ",Family
2096,"📷 Habari Gani? (What’s the news?) Umoja (Unity): To strive for and to maintain unity in the family, community, nation, and race. #Kwanzaa #umoja #unity  ",Family
2097, Is TA from a family of As....,Family
2098,Merry Christmas! 🥰🎄❤️ Home Renos = Moving back home with your parents. #chillhomeadventures  . . . . .… ,Family
2099, I stand by you Mr. President. My family and I really care for you and our country.,Family
2100,One of our Code of Vets Navy veteran’s buddy died in a car accident driving from Norfolk to Tampa last night. They were hit by drunk driver. His wife and infant son survived. Please lift this family up. There are no words. We will assist if needed.  RIP✝️beautiful brother in arms,Family
2101,"Imagine waking up in a resort you owned, surrounded by your family, while millions spend holidays alone, and having just spent 4 years doing a job you had no aptitude for, or interest in, and still complaining and attacking. You can’t buy class or happiness. ",Family
2102,Politics) Well it turns out she was hired by no other than George Soros a few years back to run his family office. Seems fitting that we might find out if Dawn and Georgie were involved in all of this voter fraud that I have exposed.       ,Family
2103,"My son-in-law can’t get hold of his family in Clarksville, Tennessee at all today. Calls don’t go through. Not even texts. This Nashville bombing isn’t a small deal.",Family
2104,The way fattah literally dodged an entire family of bullets. He’s definitely in a better place rn. The way that family would have disrespected the hell out of his entire family 😭,Family
2105,Long Beach...I need you! The lady pictured here is a member of my church. 2 days ago she went 2 a medical facility near 20th &amp; Pacific for a COVID test. Her family has not seen her since. Her name is Lillie Ricks. Plz spread the word! Her family is desperate to find her. ,Family
2106,"2/ So here’s the thing about the opioid crisis.  THE MEDIA DOESN’T HAVE TO TRY TO CONVINCE YOU IT’S A CRISIS.  You probably know someone who’s died. You may have a family member. Not an 85-year-old, either. You certainly know someone who knows someone...",Family
2107,Happy holidays from the CMS family!🍒🎄😜  2020 is almost over and we have some really cool projects in store for you in 2021. Stay tuned! ,Family
2108,Thank you!,Family
2109,"Fuck the presents, I’m grateful my family still breathing.❤️",Family
2110,"My fiancé and I are childless, but I intentionally call us two a “family” to interrogate the myth that “starting a family” requires children.",Family
2111,   Its her decision uski family ko issue ni h tum kon hoti ho bolne wali or ha… ,Family
2112,   People are saying that the FBI treated the truck driver that moved 288k bal… ,Family
2113, The biggest SCAM in our nation’s history is how you and your criminal family have fleeced American… ,Family
2114,"... and world leaders — including the Holy See — are in a hurry to acknowledge his victory, to discredit his Republican adversaries, and to present Trump as a lonely bully who is about to be abandoned by his family and even by the First Lady.",Family
2115,"Our traditions may look a little different this year but the love we share remains the same. From our family to yours, have a safe and very merry Christmas. ",Family
2116,Nope. This means you respect your partner/family/friend enough by putting away anything that can cause distraction and have a good time with them instead.,Family
2117,So proud to be a part of Rubiholics family. We are the biggest and strongest fandom of BB14  THE RUBINA SHOW   …,Family
2118,"Rest In Peace Ty Jordan.  Absolutely devastating news. Prayers up to the Jordan family and his close ones.  Once a Texas commit, Jordan was named the AP Pac-12 Newcomer of the Year for Utah after rushing for 597 yards and 6 touchdowns in five games for the Utes. ",Family
2119,I can’t wait to start my own family traditions 🥺,Family
2120,This is a steal. 99p for 1000+ questions. Frankly insulted that each question is worth so little of a penny. But yo… ,Family
2121,How was your Christmas?  Mine was fun. 🎅🏻 A family gathering where we exchanged gifts but I fell hard on my knees a… ,Family
2122,"ystrdy makan ikea meatball &amp; ciken wings astu eskem &amp; currypufff, frappe family mart...",Family
2123,I think that  &amp; his family are every bit as CORRUPT as the Clintons &amp; the Obamas.   What do y’all think?,Family
2124,Does anyone know someone who knows a person who can help me get into China? (Working/Talent Visa)  I am exhausting all of my resources and want to make it back for Chinese New Year to spend it with Water and her family - and IRL stream for you guys.  Lmk. RTs are big.,Family
2125," No complaints anyway, was good to see the family. Haven't seen much of them since June. Sure hope 2021… ",Family
2126,"I was on 16k followers by this time in September, but ever since I found out that peace was never an option on this app, my account has been growing violently.🔥  I wouldn’t have come this far without you guy❤️  Cheers to 100k twitter family🥂🤟🏼",Family
2127,You need to stay home and not see your family at Christmas and wear your mask or else the hospitals will be overwhelmed....,Family
2128,"All my boys need prayer right now. We lost our brother, friend, and teammates. Lord wrap your hands around his family and friends all over the world. We are going to miss that smile Ty. Go lay on Moma’s shoulders for eternity. Forever #buzzgang       ❤️😢🙏👑  ",Family
2129, Waiting for him to direct this descriptive to his family appointees😏,Family
2130,Hope everyone had a merry Christmas! 💜 from our “growing”  family to yours! 💜 ,Family
2131,my biggest flex is having a family you would actually want to marry into,Family
